legbreak , tickled away to short fine leg
worked around the pads to the on-side , BOWLER ploughing a tight furrow
fired into the pads on a flat line , nudged off the legs
strays onto the pad , clipped to square leg . FIELDER races out to do the fielding
strays onto the pads , clipped down to long leg
full and swinging onto the pads , flicked to square leg off the pad . Half-hearted appeal , always sliding down . No review
clipped away to square leg via the thigh pad for a leg bye
big nip off the seam , and thuds the pads ! It might have done too much , but England review nonetheless Oof , he 's deep in his crease as the ball zags back in , no inside-edge involved ... yep , sliding over the top
big nip off the seam , and thuds the pads ! It might have done too much , but England review nonetheless Oof , he 's deep in his crease as the ball zags back in , no inside-edge involved ... yep , sliding over the top
speared into the hips , tickled away behind square on the leg side
flatter on leg stump , goes for the sweep , it goes to short fine leg off his pad
this one swings in and ends up on the pads , tickles the pad to short fine leg
back of a length on the stumps , was looking to clear his front leg and pull but it hurries on to him - 148.5 kph - and he ca n't connect . Goes to short third man off his thigh pad
fullish on leg stump , goes off the pad to short fine leg
length on the pads , worked through backward square leg . Pinged off the pad actually , did n't get bat on it .
dug in back of a length and he was thinking it would rise up more , shaped to pull , copped a painful blow above the waist . They still take the leg-bye with the ball having rolled into the legside
massive appeal for lbw and BOWLER is annoyed that 's not given . Tells FIELDER to review it , who has a wry smile and does so . This certainly looked mighty close . uh oh , here 's why the umpire did n't give it out : it 's pitched outside leg . Moved after pitching to hit him on the pad , right in front , but that does n't matter because the ball pitched outside leg .
into the pads , deflected behind square
flicked off the pads to the on-side . Literally off the pads
back of a length and slanting into the hips , diverted away behind square on the leg side
dug in short and on the hips , BOWLER gets away with that , with fine leg inside the circle . Flapped away square of that infielder
tickled away off the hip behind square . 87mph/141kph . Leg bye , so BATTER not yet off the mark in international cricket
back of a length , angling down leg . Ca n't put the flick away but gets a healthy amount of thigh pad on it , into the backward square leg region
round the wicket , attacking the pads , but that 's missing a second set
fired into the pads , a wildly optimistic appeal for lbw , and while BOWLER is pleading with the umpire , England scamper the leg bye
shaping into the legs , BATTER flaps to leg and scampers up the other end
tucks him up and smashes him on the pad
appeal for lbw but this was slipping down leg . BATTER went for a full-blooded sweep but this came off the pad to short fine
short of a length and turned off the stumps via the pads
nips back in to awkwardly hit him on the thigh pad , deflects to third man
worked off his hip to deep square
was backing away to give himself room but the bowler follows and ends up on the pads , tucked into the legside
loud shout but not given . England are n't reviewing . That one cut back in and caught the batsman by surprise , but clearly going down leg , hit him almost outside leg . Do n't think he read the off-cutter and was playing all around it
huge appeal , but sliding past the leg stump as BATTER plays for the wrong'un but underestimates it
deflected into another gap , they all count
back of a length on the hip and deflected behind square
tries to whip this one to leg after moving to off again , but manages a leg bye
on the pads now , he does n't connect for the flick but gets a leg bye
into the pads and BATTER misses the flick , they manage a leg bye
and now a bouncer to follow the full delivery , he ducks , it hits BATTER on the helmet and they take a leg bye as the ball goes over the slips off the helmet
stifled appeal as BATTER looked to pull but it did n't bounce as much as he expected . Hits him outside off and they get a leg bye
back of a length , on middle , and he misses the pull . Glances his helmet , past the keeper , and they take a single
hits the grille of his helmet as he misses the pull . They 'll need to check up on BATTER for a prospective concussion as per new rules . Short ball , angling into leg .
yorker length , on leg , and hits his boot and dribbles away to short third man
rushes him with a back-of-a-length ball . BATTER takes on the pull but then pulls out , and it smacks him on the right biceps , dribbling away into the off side
length ball on the pads , clipped to square leg for a leg-bye
good length on leg , and BATTER comes down the wicket . It hits his pads and rolls away to the leg side
length ball , nudged towards the covers as BATTER backs away . They take on a sharp single , BOWLER kicks towards the stumps at the keeper 's end but BATTER is comfortably in even as the ball hits the stumps
bit of inswing at 88mph/141kph , clipped out to square leg for one , via the pad
quick single taken . Tossed up googly that BATTER did n't read , was trying to tickle it fine , goes into the offside
slips in the short ball , BATTER tries o paddle-pull it and the ball misses bat but hits his body and drops at his feet . BOWLER rushes across in his follow through and kicks the ball onto the stumps but BATTER was quick off the blocks and makes his ground
length ball angling into him , tries to play it with the angle , the ball trickles towards short fine leg
back of a length on leg stump , takes the pads to roll towards leg gully
tailing into him at 89 mph , flicks the pad and goes to short fine leg . Lots of leg-byes off BOWLER today
cross-seamer which nips away from BATTER as he looks to work to leg . He yelps in pain as he is struck on the back thigh pad , and BOWLER lets out a wry smile
length ball strays down leg , flicks the thigh pad on the way to fine leg . BATTER could n't connect with his attempted glance but they 'll get a leg-bye anyway
fuller sliding down leg , misses the flick but it takes the pad to backward square leg and they get a single
thumps the pad on a leg-stump line , FIELDER scuttles to limit the damage
tucked up on the back foot , but another single as BATTER calls him through with the ball at his feet
thumps the pad hard on a full length , but outside leg , and deflected into space at short third man
thumps the pad on the full length , deflected to the leg side . Another single
cramped him again . Squeezed down to third man as BATTER keeps the strike
tickled down to fine leg . A despairing dive from FIELDER does n't quite cut off the single
leg-sided , England settle for another nurdle off the hip
walks across the stumps , whips with the angle behind square
crashes into the pads , but too straight and too high on first impressions . No reviews left either way ...
length down the leg side , nudged out to short fine leg via the thigh pad
tucked off the legs , sliding behind square
shortish and skidding on as FIELDER attempts to pull , comes off the hip behind point
shortish and skidding on as BATTER attempts to pull , comes off the hip behind point
flighted up , full outside leg stump , and tickled to short fine leg off the pad
speared down the leg side , nudged out to forward square leg via the pad
nurdles the single . Over to you , BATTER ...
flinched to the leg side
speared into the pad , ca n't quite time the clip to leg but another single to the cause
length , a touch leg side and straightening to hit the thigh pad and run behind square for the first run of the day
back of a length , strangled appeal from BOWLER as it clips BATTER 's thigh pad ... heading down leg
flicked round the corner
on the pads , clipped through backward square
slower ball , coming back in and struck on the pads ... half-hearted appeal for lbw but they scuttle through
short of a length , 132kph/81mph and deflected square off the knee roll
length ball , veering in at 145 clicks and deflected fine off the knee roll - that was heading down
big in-ducker from BOWLER , beats BATTER on the inside ... but Oxenford is n't interested in the lbw appeal ! England do n't have a review , either . Maybe heading down leg ?
speared into the pads , worked square
rolls the fingers on another full delivery , deflects off the pads , and it 's such a geriatric single ! But BOWLER perhaps picks the wrong end ...
rolls the fingers well on a leg-stump delivery . Deflects off the pads to the off side
tucked to the leg side once again . Singles will do nicely for England right now ... and maybe even for West Indies too . They need to take a breath before going again
goes full at the pads , 140kph/87mph and BATTER can only clip it for a single
short , at the body and it has BATTER hopping around , deflected off the thigh pad for one
through they trot for another single
pitched up and skidding into the pads as Imam flicks to leg
back of a length , 86mph from BATTER and FIELDER does get some on it this time
pitched up and skidding into the pads as Imam flicks to leg
back of a length , 86mph from BOWLER and BATTER does get some on it this time
pushed through and this flicks the pad and runs behind square
on the back foot , raps the pads , deflected out to the off side
arrowed in from over the wicket , into the front pad as BATTER comes down , deflected to short third man
back of a length , 85mph and skidding into the thigh pad as Imam hangs back
slower ball , cunningly disguised , BATTER nearly deflects onto his stumps , but takes the single to keep the strike
short and skidding on , that 's an awkward length , 85mph and BATTER is poinged on the hip attempting to pull . Speculative lbw shout from FIELDER behind the stumps
huge appeal ! Very full length , sliding down potentially , but BATTER was way back in his crease . Pakistan review . Looks like it will be clipping leg at the very least ... clipping it is . Umpire 's call stands !
swings into position for the ramp , is struck on the pad and a big appeal ! Looked to be on or outside leg stump ... FIELDER reviews , to no avail . It was missing the timbers too . Poor review , desperation really
goes for the sweep , hit on the pad and it deflects for one
sliding into the pads , half a shout for lbw , close to an inside edge ... no bat but sliding down , most likely
fired into the pads , they rush through for the extra
pitched up , sliding down leg and cannoning into the pads for a leg bye
pitched up and skidding into the pads as BATTER hangs back and flicks across the line
bouncer , 88mph and BATTER swishes a pull , ends up nutting it down to third man ! Straight off the helmet , he 'll have to get that checked
on the pads , a legbye
missed the pull shot , the edge taking it to third man instead
a couple of steps down the wicket but just padded away in the end
turned down the leg side , may have come off the pad there
worked off the toes to the leg side
short of a length and flicked off the hip
pinged on the pads again but that pitched outside leg
length down the leg side , nudged out to short fine leg via the thigh pad
tucked off the legs , sliding behind square
flighted up , full outside leg stump , and tickled to short fine leg off the pad
speared down the leg side , nudged out to forward square leg via the pad END