full length , into the pads , flicked in front of square , scores are level
flashed down to third man , England chipping away as BATTER throws his bat outside off stump
fenced off the pads , and into the leg side
swings into the pull , down to backward square . England are a boundary away
flicked off the hip to backward square
BATTER keeps the strike with a nudge into the gap . England are nearly there
swings into a measured pull from outside off , hitting down into the stroke for the single
nudged down into the crease , just back of a length
angled across BATTER , who dabs down to deep third to retain the strike
banged in , back of a length , cut away to deep point
banged in , and BATTER pulls away , out to FIELDER at deep square leg on the bounce
back of a length , rides the bounce , and steers away on the cut
legbreak , chopped away through point on the cut . Half-stopped , but they get through for a single
worked down to long-on
sharply-spun googly , inside-edged to short fine leg for a quick single
short ball , banged in halfway down , which BATTER pulls out to FIELDER at deep square leg
chipped uppishly into the leg side , out to deep square leg
short ball , BATTER pulls from outside off , out to deep square leg
short and wide , slashed away on the cut out to the sweeper
sharply-spun googly , which BATTER picks , steering it to point
full and straight , punched out to long-on with a full face
full on off stump , clipped away through midwicket
googly , BATTER sits deep in the crease , and tickles a single to short midwicket to bring up 150
slower ball . BATTER waits for it , and presses out to deep cover on the drive . 56mph/90kph !
offcutter , punched out to the cover sweeper
slower-ball bouncer , into the pitch . Cut away to deep cover where FIELDER fields
on with the arm from round the wicket , clipped out to deep midwicket
hint of turn from over the wicket , clipped to midwicket
strays onto the pads , no turned , clipped away for a single . 59mph/95kph
worked out to deep midwicket from a length
speared in , good bounce from a length , and BATTER works down to long-on to bring up 50 on his 150th ODI appearance . `` ROOOOT , '' cry the crowd . Not at his best today , but he churns out 50-over runs for fun
width outside off , cut away to deep point . Think about the second , but decide against , so BATTER will be on strike on 49
banged in , BATTER pulls hard out to FIELDER at deep square . One of the first balls he 's middled today
steered away to deep third , opening the face
banged in short , pulled away to deep backward square where FIELDER - now wearing a wide-brimmed sunhat , by the way , because why not ? - fields
punched out to cover
banged in short , BATTER pulls out to deep square
full on the pads , clipped away to deep square leg
extra bounce from a length , punched out to cover
full wrong 'un , which BATTER fails to pick again , and squeezes away off the outside edge down towards gully
back of a length , fenced away towards square leg for a quick single
top-edged on the hook , and shelled at long leg ! BATTER gets a life after BATTER 's earlier . Dug in short , and BATTER got into a horrible position , looking to hoick the short ball from outside off stump out into the leg side . Top-edged , FIELDER ran in , but could n't hold on after running in to get his hands underneath it !
length ball , clipped off the pads through square-ish midwicket
full legbreak , worked out to long-on for the only run of the over
angled in , clipped out to deep square leg
punched out to the sweeper at cover point off the back foot
full on off stump , clipped out to long-on
flat on the pads , clipped to long leg
full on the pads , clipped past short midwicket , out to long-on
cut down to third to keep the strike
full , flat legbreak . BATTER gets deep in his crease , and presses it out to long-on for a single , jamming the bat down late
full googly , mishit out to cover point as BATTER does n't pick it out the hand . All along the floor , away for one to bring up the 100
width outside off , cut away to deep third . Think about two , but decide against
wide outside off stump , elegant , free-flowing drive out to the cover sweeper
dabbed down through third , past the man in the ring on the 45
rides the bounce , clipping a back-of-a-length ball to square leg
short and wide , punched out to the sweeper at cover on the back foot
googly , worked out to long-on from deep in the crease on the back foot
full on the pads , clipped away to square leg as BOWLER concedes his first run
stabbed with an angled bat , down through third man
pressed into the covers , working the gaps once more
back to the chop into the covers , finds enough of a gap to pinch the strike . England need just over 100 in 37 overs . Ca n't pretend the run-rate will scare them ...
cracked on the up out to deep cover
flicked off the pads to keep the score ticking
back of a length , leg sided , a swishing pull to rotate the strike
chopped to third man
better intent on that ball , hitting the deck hard outside off , as BATTER rises into a glide to third man
hits the bat hard as BATTER attempts soft hands on the deflection through third man
full and straight , tucked to the leg side again , singles aplenty for the moment
shaping into the right-hander on a good length , BATTER places bat on ball , letting it come to him in a neutral stance and burgles the single to mid-on
tapped off the legs , another single to continue the regroup
width , back of a length , a late-cut from BATTER to third man
crunched drive on the full length , back past the bowler and a single to mid-off
crashing cut , bravely intercepted at point . That was four all the way too ...
streaky pull , and lucky to get away with it ! Plops short of deep backward square . No need to get panicky here for the new boy ...
short , into the hips , flashed behind square , and the lack of timing gives BATTER thoughts of a second as fine leg races in
hits the splice this time , but safely through third man . Keeps the strike again and it 's all Yorkshire so far in the Alliance of the Roses
width , slashed , hard through third man . A gim me to the gully in a Test match , but perfectly safe today . In the air for a while as third man watches the spin well off the grass to field
scampered single , off the back foot , good follow-up to the boundary , keeping the strike and the score ticking
pressed to mid-on for an urgent single . BATTER is off the mark at the fifth time of asking
leg-sided , chipped off the pads behind square
flashed down to third via the outside edge . Uncertainty over the running , and bizarrely , they 've taken the single
yorker , dug out to long-on . They consider the second , then decide against
dipping slower-ball yorker , dug out by BATTER towards third man , but there 's an appeal for lbw . Did it hit the boot first and then the bat ? FIELDER does n't review . Yeah , clearly hit the bat first on replay . And did n't actually pitch , so more like a dipping slower-ball full-bunger !
clipped into the leg side , throw comes in from FIELDER at short midwicket . Would have been tight with a direct hit , but it 's just wide
vicious yorker , dug out well into the covers and they take a quick single to FIELDER , who misfields . 93mph/149kph
outside edge , down to third
tight line into the legs , stabbed down off the hip , 89mph that time .
poked off the hips to the leg side
nudged into the gap , and a comfortable single ! A thing of beauty
utter chaos all round ! It culminates in a direct-hit for the run-out appeal , but only after FIELDER had fumbled a clear-cut opportunity with both batters at the same end ! He makes it home by a whisker ! BATTER ran three full runs to his team-mate 's one
another high-elbowed jab out to cover , well picked up on the run by FIELDER , and the shy is close too
pushed from a full length into the covers , to the off-side sweeper . 88mph first up
tucked to the on-side , had FIELDER gathered cleanly that would have been tight !
chopped out to the covers , rocking back on the cut
whipped off the toes , to wide long-on
high elbow , eased to long-off
down on one knee for the sweep off another good length . Tight and brisk first over
on the back foot , punched to deep cover
inside-edge , into the leg side
nurdled off the legs , full length , attacking line , flicked to fine leg
slower ball , tight line again , a bit of confusion as they ponder the second to midwicket and think better of it
back of a length , tight line , punched with a high elbow to extra cover
flicked to the on-side , another single . Good measured batting from Sri Lanka
flat pull , does n't get up much from back of a length , deep backward square tidies up
runs the single down to third man with a hop back onto the stumps
banged in short , BATTER does well to keep his pull down , out to deep midwicket
pressed to deep cover , another single
tapped into the covers , and this time it is BATTER 's fifty ... excellent effort in his promotion
flicked off the legs for another single , as a dog trots onto the outfield
flicked off the legs for another single . The partnership continues to grow
tucked off the hips to midwicket
whipped to the on-side , and another single to the cause
worked off the legs to the on side , another single to keep things ticking
swished out to the leg side
tapped to the leg side
stops in the pitch on middle and leg , poked in the air back past BOWLER in his followthrough
gliding into a back-cut , using the width outside off to pick off the single to deep point
opens the face on the back foot , pressed to deep point
down on one knee , slog-swept to deep midwicket
back over the wicket , targetting the left-hander 's stumps , nudged to the leg side as he pushes the ball a touch too straight
worked with the angle off the hips once again
nibbled to the on-side , another single to the cause
very full length , swept to deep midwicket
back of a length , poked to deep point
nudged off the pads , out to square leg , up comes the 100
big stride , punched into the covers for the single
pressed to the on-side to complete a very useful over . 13 runs coming to dent BOWLER 's figures
onto the pads , tucked to the leg side , another fifty for the skipper/opener/keeper/anchor/impetus/everyman
hops into line , worked to the on-side
round the wicket , just back of a length , poked out to point off the back foot
tight line , full length , flicked to the on-side
flogged across the line to deep square leg , another single to keep Sri Lanka ticking . A decent recovery so far
patted into the covers to rotate the strike , good smart batting
nurdled round the corner for the single
tucked from a full length out through backward square
a stroll to the pitch , and a clip to deep midwicket
tickled out to deep backward square . 81mph/130kph , running his fingers down the side of it
banged in on a length , clipped to midwicket
banged in halfway down , flicked down to square leg via the glove
shaping away from a length , clipped to mid-on
nipping in towards the thigh pad region . Clipped down to long leg
gets legside of the ball , hoicking the free hit out to deep square
strays onto the pads , clipped down to long leg
fuller outside off , steered down to third with an open face
banged in on a hard length , clipped down to square leg . 90mph/145kph
wide outside off , swinging away , and KJP throws the hands at the cut once again . FIELDER has been moved down to third man and covers good ground to his left , but it only reaches him on the bounce
thick edge first up , but wide of second slip and down to third
nipping away from a length , clipped to wide mid-on
angled across him from a fuller length , squeezed down to third man via the shoulder of the bat
hits the splice from back of a length , as BATTER tucks to short midwicket for a scampered single
length on the stumps , shuffles back and clips through square leg
pitched up on the pads and BATTER whips one more through square leg
tucked for a single in front of mid-on
pitched up and eased through the covers , as if on rails
another cutter , good length on fourth stump and BATTER opens the face on another single through backward point
over the wicket and dug in short , BATTER paddles a pull around the corner
works this away through backward square leg
pitched up and BATTER plays late with an open face for a ... yep , you guessed it , single to third man !
angled across on a good length outside off , steered through backward point again
bustles in and hits a length , 83mph/134kph , BATTER angles it down to third man
shortish , angled across on fourth stump , chopped through backward point
round the wicket , 82mph length ball and BATTER attempts to come down , ends up scooping it over BOWLER 's head for one between mid-on and mid-off
touch short and wide , 82mph/132kph and BATTER drops back , glides it away to third man
pitched up and whipped away through square leg
short of a length , swung away off his hip , struck well but fine leg runs to his right and takes it cleanly on the bounce
googly , I think , BATTER rocks back and swings a pull out to deep square leg
tossed up and BATTER reaches outside off stump to sweep
flat legbreak on off , BATTER dabs it square - hundred stand up between this pair
punches down the ground
drops back and steers this behind point - that will be fifty for BATTER , too , back-to-back efforts in England chases this series
dobbed on the stumps and tickled down the ground
floated up and BATTER clips this through the leg side , raising the England 200 in the process
angled in and flicked through square leg
deflected past his stumps , via inside edge and pad ! How has that not bowled him ... ? But in the end the single squirted past the keeper takes him to a half-century , overtaking BATTER on the way
floated up and he slaps this one past the short fielder for one out to the sweeper
pushed through outside off , BATTER goes deep and punches through cover point
dropped ? I think so . Given as runs , which suggests so . Googly , which BATTER did n't pick , and it spun away from the bat as he groped forwards at it . Clear edge on replay , but KJP snatched at it , the ball hit him on the tips of the gloves and spilled away for a quick single towards the gully region
googly , pressed to long-on
banged in short , does n't really get up , and BATTER swivel-pulls out to deep square
back of a length , steered down to deep third to retain the strike
pulls the short ball away , out to deep square leg
extra bounce , and BATTER punches off the back foot down to deep third
length ball , tucked off the hip through square leg
skips down the pitch but FIELDER follows him , cramping him for room as he works a length ball away into the off side
dabbed down to backward point , where FIELDER fields on the bounce . He 's clearly struggling with his injury , and BATTER set off straight away when he realised who the fielder was
angled into the pads , clipped out to deep backward square leg
pulled firmly on the swivel off the hip , down to long leg
banged in on a length , pulled out to deep square
guided down to deep third with an open-faced steer
steered down to deep third with an open face to retain the strike
worked away off the hip , down to long leg
dabbed down to deep third with soft hands
driven through the covers , down on one knee
tucked off the hip out to deep backward square leg
back of a length , tucked away to square leg to retain the strike
nipping away from a length , cut down to deep third with an open-faced dab
length ball angled across the left-hander . Cut down to deep third
length ball , clipped off the hip to deep backward square leg
short and wide , cut away to FIELDER on the cover-point boundary
pressed out to cover point where FIELDER lets it go past him for one . He 's not moving at all well , having been injured earlier in the tour
hafl-volley on off stump , driven to mid-off where FIELDER gets down , low to his left , to cut it off
full and wide outside off stump , driven out to deep point
length ball outside off , steered down to deep third , Kane Williamson-style . Played very late under the eyes with an open face
a touch more width , and BATTER punches out to FIELDER on the point boundary
length ball on the hip , tucked away into the leg side
clipped into the leg side , think about two but it 's not on
nearly falls into the trap ! Karunarante dug it in , back of a length and up towards his right shoulder . BATTER flapped at the pull , miscuing it down to long leg , and FIELDER could n't get there on the bounce , diving forward . Good stop in the end on the half-volley to save the boundary
legbreak this time , pulled out to long-on to retain the strike
full on off stump , driven through the off side
sharply-spun googly , hacked down to long-on
length ball coming in , BATTER opens the face on this , guides another single behind point - that 's his half-century , acknowledged with a wave of the bat . Surrey boys strutting their stuff here today
length ball , some width on offer again , chopped down towards third man
flung full outside off , BATTER creeps out and dinks one through cover
short of a length outside off , BATTER dabs one more to third man
punched down the ground to long-on
short ball , BATTER rolls the wrists on a pull through midwicket
pace off this time , short of a length and BATTER has to readjust before swatting through midwicket
quicker ball , darted on the stumps , BATTER chops it down to long-on for one more
looped up on middle and leg , drilled down the ground
tossed up and flayed through the covers , hard hands and just a single to the sweeper
angled in straight and flicked behind square
short ball , bit of width and it gets big , sliced off the outside edge down to third man
flattish legbreak outside off , YJB makes room and clouts one through point going back
tossed up outside off , goes for the reverse again and gets it in front of square
length ball , 75mph cutter from BOWLER , this is flicked calmly through backward square leg
short of a length and tucked down to fine leg
length ball , BATTER tries to hit the cover off it , mistimes one through square leg ... exchanges a word or two with the bowler as he heads to the other end
short ball , does n't get up above waist height and YJB swings a pull down to fine leg
length , 84mph/136kph in the channel , YJB punches on the up but sends it to point
fullish on the stumps , BATTER jabs it through midwicket
fullish length , 84mph and clipped square off the legs
pitched up on middle and leg , 82mph and clipped with the swing through backward square
rasping square drive , gets a hand on it at backward point , or that was away too !
pitched up and this is squeezed out into the leg side for one
steered to backward point , and they scamper through for one
back of a length , cloths the pull down to long-on
backs away , carving a length ball out to deep extra cover
backs away , squeezing a straight , full ball away to point
yorker towards off stump , dug out for a single to cover
yorker , hacked out to mid-on via the inside third of the bat . Gave himself room , looking to go through the off side
tucked away to deep backward square leg
tucked off the hip down to long leg
offcutter , into the right-hander , and clipped to midwicket
angled across him , clipped out to midwicket again , and again wo n't take on FIELDER in the deep
pulled out to deep midwicket , but wo n't take on the second run on FIELDER ' throw
length ball , pushed down the ground to mid-off to bring up 200 . Looked a long way away from 21 for 4 !
nudged into the covers and they set off for a single . FIELDER 's throw to the bowler 's end is wild , but it 's backed up
full and straight , worked out to long-on
sharply-spun legbreak on a length , worked to mid-on
worked wristily out to deep midwicket
comes down the pitch and thumps a fullish ball back down the ground . BOWLER half-stops it with his right hand in his follow-through , saving the boundary as FIELDER gets round at long-off
full outside off , BATTER premeditates and sweeps him out to deep backward square
length ball , dabbed down to deep third with an open-faced steer
back of a length , squeezed away down to deep third via the outside edge
length ball on leg stump , tickled down to long leg . 87mph/140kph
banged in , back of a length , and defended to square leg while riding the bounce . FIELDER hares in and throws at the bowler 's end , but is comfortably home
thick outside edge down to deep third . Fullish length , coming forward to cover off stump
glanced into the leg side
nudged out into the covers for a scampered single
full on the pads , clipped to midwicket
back of a length , pulled off the ribcage out to deep backward square . 86mph/138kph
wide on the crease , angled in , and they pinch a single to FIELDER 's left hand at mid-off
clipped off the pads , out to square leg
full on the pads as BATTER shimmies down the pitch , whipping wristily out to deep midwicket
wide on the crease , banged into the pitch , back-foot punched out to cover
slower ball , full on the pads , tickled towards fine leg . Misfield by FIELDER on the bounce which costs BOWLER a maiden
banged in , back of a length , pulled to square leg . FIELDER throws at the bowler 's end , but BATTER was comfortably in
on a length outside off , squeezed away through point with a push
stock ball , on a length outside off , dabbed away to short third
clipped off the pads down to long leg
angled across him on a length , punched out to FIELDER on the cover boundary
strays onto the pads , DdS clips away through deep backward square
deep in the crease , clipped out to deep midwicket
back of a length , clipped off the hip down to long leg
slower ball , clipped to square leg . Out the back of the hand again , down at 68mph/109kph
swivel-pulled out to FIELDER at deep backward square
opens the face , guiding a length ball down to deep third
another slower ball , out the back of the hand , and clipped through backward square
back of a length and tucked of the hip
dug in short at 78mph/126kph , pulled with a roll of the wrists down to fine leg
fired in on the stumps and flicked away
fired in straight and worked for one to the leg side
back of a length outside off , possibly a legcutter and played neatly off the back foot towards third man
short ball , 86mph/138kph , rides the bounce and cocks the front leg , pulled for a single
gives this some air , maybe a wrong'un , clipped calmly through the midwicket region
floated up on the stumps , nurdled into a gap leg side
tossed up on off stump , BATTER dances down and drives to long-off
flighted , makes some room , swatted down the ground to long-on
back of a length , 88mph/141kph and BATTER hangs back , flicks it down to fine leg
short ball , BATTER swivels on it and clips one more out to deep midwicket
back of a length , 85mph/137kph and jabbed leg side
flighted on off and driven
short outside leg stump , pulled down towards fine leg
pitched up in the channel , nicely steered through cover coming forwards
short ball , does n't get up that high , slapped through square leg
googly , coming back on off stump , cut hard in front of square to the cover sweeper
short ball , angled across outside off , Dhanankaya swings hard and toe-ends wide of FIELDER for one
length ball on leg stump , tucked behind square
pushed through on off stump and defended coming forward
tosses up , BATTER steps out and swats it down the ground on the full
flighted , BATTER looks hit aerially , shout of `` caaaatch ! '' as it heads down towards FIELDER at long-off . Bounces well short of him
lobbed up full outside off , BATTER is forward and strokes down to long-off
tossed up on off , driven inside to out through extra cover
fullish length , 77mph/124kph in the channel , opens the face on a drive and picks up one
tossed up on the stumps and clipped through backward square for one more
tossed up and clipped off the legs through backward square
oh dear , Dhanajaya is ball-watching here , nearly a run-out chance ! Tucked to mid-on and BATTER think he 's running to the danger end , so dives full length ... but DdS was jogging and FIELDER spotted the opportunity , only to fire in a wild throw that FIELDER could n't take . BATTER was well out of his ground , and he then clattered into FIELDER , losing his bat in the process . Carnage !
pitched up , Dhanajaya sashays out and slaps hard on the up , just one over the infield to deep cover
pulled away through the leg side for one
dropped ! Extra bounce from BOWLER , back of a length at 93mph/149kph . BATTER looked to defend off the back foot but was surprised by the bounce , and got a little tickle on it , off the shoulder . FIELDER flung himself at full stretch up and to his right , but it did n't stick ! BOWLER applauds him for the effort
angled in towards the hip , clipped down to long leg
dabbed down to deep third . 90mph/145kph , skiddy length
back of a length , mistimes the pull to mid-on . 89mph/134kph
runs his fingers down the side of the ball , as DDS steers down to deep third to bring up his 1000th ODI run
offcutter , angling in from just short of a length . Punched out to deep cover
skiddy , back-of-a-length ball , dabbed down to FIELDER on the boundary
banged in towards the ribcage , clipped out to square leg
full length , squeezed away down to deep third as the bat comes down at an angle
clipped off the hip , out to deep backward square
squeezed away down to deep third with an open face
width outside off , flashed down to deep third on the cut where FIELDER fields
wide line on the legbreak , hit with the spin to deep point
tight lines , bending into the off stump , tapped to cover , and FIELDER 's shy would have been miles out with a direct hit !
bashed hard off the front foot to the cover sweeper
poked off the front foot to cover . Another over survived as Sri Lanka take their innings as deep as they can
firmly biffed through the line , one bounce down to FIELDER on the very straight long-on boundary , who intercepts well with a slide
bouncer to finish , well enough swatted off the visor , down to backward square
fading back into the right-hander , inside-edged through fine leg . Tight lines once more
shaping into the pads , tucked to the leg side for the single
pitched up , 79mph/128kph and FIELDER presses out , thick-edges low through backward point
length ball , 77mph/124kph outside off , dabbed behind point and they scurry through
tossed up and driven through the covers to the sweeper - FIELDER will keep the strike
tosses the ball up and FIELDER is forward , steers through extra cover , takes the one
pitched up and met with a crisp punch through cover point to the boundary rider
length ball , 77mph , FIELDER is across and jabs this through the covers for one
googly to finish , coming back appreciably and FIELDER is late on it , squeezes it out leg side for a single
angles this down through gully for one
shortish outside off and steered down to third man
fired in straight , tucked from off stump through square leg - that 's BATTER done , excellent figures of 2 for 28 from his ten
shorter on the hip and FIELDER works this for a single behind square
loops up the legbreak , turned to the on side for one
pushed through and he goes back to whip one out to deep midwicket
pace off , rising on middle and leg as FIELDER comes forward , tucks off his pads
FIELDER almost slayed by a drag-on ! Scrambled seam and it keeps coming back in , deflects down off the inside edge and over the stumps for one !
BATTER gets a touch straight , worked off the pads
short ball , another tempter on the hook , hit in the out but bouncing in front of deep square
length outside off , 80mph/129kph and steered down to third man
comes across and steers this into a gap square on the off side
squared up and finds the edge this time but it squirts through the covers
direct hit at the bowler 's end , but FIELDER was just in ! Tip and run , BATTER came across from extra cover and underarmed it into one-and-a-bit stumps . Close
short ball , only gets up around chest height , FIELDER swats a pull this time
pitched up , the new batter is forward , jabs it into a gap at cover point to get off the mark
dragged down into the ground , pace off again and FIELDER nurdles it through square leg
pitched up middle and leg stump , clipped behind square
tucked into a gap on the leg side
goes back and across and steers this through point
slower ball , sits up outside off stump , whipped into a gap at midwicket going across
on the stumps and tucked for one into the on side
bit of width , squirted away through backward point
pushed in on middle and leg , 81mph and worked away through backward square leg
floaty , 77mph/125kph , tempts the drive in the channel , FIELDER thick-edges through the vacant gully position
touch back of a length on the hip , shaping in and clipped through square leg
over the wicket , short of a length in the channel , 79mph and cut to deep point
angled in straight , 81mph/130kph , tucked off the hip towards short midwicket , TeeCee gives chase
shortish length in the channel , comes across and runs this down to third man for a first run
thumped with firm timing to deep cover , kneeling into the stroke
driven on a full length , and FIELDER at backward point is nearly in the game ! A skewed edge through the gap
picked off the hips to midwicket
finds the edge , but no slip . Third man tidies up . A perfectly tidy start to TC 's work
back of a length , patted down into the crease , another single to short midwicket
tucked to the on-side
back of a length , punched firmly past point
right up to the toes , shape off the seam and stabbed into the covers on the front foot
swing on a full length , met with an open-faced push to cover
nurdled to the on-side
tucked off the legs , out through backward square
flicked in the air , off the toes , out through backward square
outside off , pushing with hard hands out through backward point
inside-edged down into the crease
tighter line and length , blocked back down the track
wide line on the legbreak , hit with the spin to deep point
tight lines , bending into the off stump , tapped to cover , and BATTER 's shy would have been miles out with a direct hit !
bashed hard off the front foot to the cover sweeper
poked off the front foot to cover . Another over survived as Sri Lanka take their innings as deep as they can
firmly biffed through the line , one bounce down to BATTER on the very straight long-on boundary , who intercepts well with a slide
bouncer to finish , well enough swatted off the visor , down to backward square
fading back into the right-hander , inside-edged through fine leg . Tight lines once more
shaping into the pads , tucked to the leg side for the single
pitched up , 79mph/128kph and BATTER presses out , thick-edges low through backward point
length ball , 77mph/124kph outside off , dabbed behind point and they scurry through
tossed up and driven through the covers to the sweeper - BATTER will keep the strike
tosses the ball up and BATTER is forward , steers through extra cover , takes the one
pitched up and met with a crisp punch through cover point to the boundary rider
length ball , 77mph , BATTER is across and jabs this through the covers for one
googly to finish , coming back appreciably and BATTER is late on it , squeezes it out leg side for a single
angles this down through gully for one
shortish outside off and steered down to third man
fired in straight , tucked from off stump through square leg - that 's BOWLER done , excellent figures of 2 for 28 from his ten
shorter on the hip and BATTER works this for a single behind square
loops up the legbreak , turned to the on side for one
pushed through and he goes back to whip one out to deep midwicket
pace off , rising on middle and leg as BATTER comes forward , tucks off his pads
BATTER almost slayed by a drag-on ! Scrambled seam and it keeps coming back in , deflects down off the inside edge and over the stumps for one !
BOWLER gets a touch straight , worked off the pads
short ball , another tempter on the hook , hit in the out but bouncing in front of deep square
length outside off , 80mph/129kph and steered down to third man
comes across and steers this into a gap square on the off side
squared up and finds the edge this time but it squirts through the covers
direct hit at the bowler 's end , but BATTER was just in ! Tip and run , FIELDER came across from extra cover and underarmed it into one-and-a-bit stumps . Close
short ball , only gets up around chest height , BATTER swats a pull this time
pitched up , the new batter is forward , jabs it into a gap at cover point to get off the mark
dragged down into the ground , pace off again and BATTER nurdles it through square leg
pitched up middle and leg stump , clipped behind square
tucked into a gap on the leg side
goes back and across and steers this through point
slower ball , sits up outside off stump , whipped into a gap at midwicket going across
on the stumps and tucked for one into the on side
bit of width , squirted away through backward point
pushed in on middle and leg , 81mph and worked away through backward square leg
floaty , 77mph/125kph , tempts the drive in the channel , BATTER thick-edges through the vacant gully position
touch back of a length on the hip , shaping in and clipped through square leg
over the wicket , short of a length in the channel , 79mph and cut to deep point
angled in straight , 81mph/130kph , tucked off the hip towards short midwicket , TeeCee gives chase
shortish length in the channel , comes across and runs this down to third man for a first run
thumped with firm timing to deep cover , kneeling into the stroke
driven on a full length , and BATTER at backward point is nearly in the game ! A skewed edge through the gap
picked off the hips to midwicket
finds the edge , but no slip . Third man tidies up . A perfectly tidy start to TC 's work
back of a length , patted down into the crease , another single to short midwicket
tucked to the on-side
back of a length , punched firmly past point
right up to the toes , shape off the seam and stabbed into the covers on the front foot
swing on a full length , met with an open-faced push to cover
nurdled to the on-side
tucked off the legs , out through backward square
flicked in the air , off the toes , out through backward square
outside off , pushing with hard hands out through backward point
inside-edged down into the crease
tighter line and length , blocked back down the track
BATTER backs away and punches a single to sweeper cover
squeezed behind square via an inside edge
plinked away through midwicket
full and spinning back into middle and leg , worked through square leg
BATTER rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and glides it to deep third man
on a length and outside off , poked to deep third man
on a length and outside off , sliced away to deep third man off an outside edge
forced down to long-off
back of a length and jagging in to take the inside edge and trickle away through square leg
even fuller and holds its line outside off , BATTER pushes out as an outside edge streaks away past slip to deep third man
shorter and spinning into middle , BATTER goes back and nurdles a single just wide of midwicket
speared into a length , on middle and leg , whipped away to deep midwicket
back of a length on middle and leg , BATTER eases it down to long-on
flicked down to long leg
back of a length and on middle and leg , dropped through square leg via a thin inside edge
short on the hips , glanced to deep square leg
shorter and outside off , shovelled down to long-on off the back foot
on a length and spinning in , worked away through square leg off the back foot
back of a length and angling away outside off , at 139ks , BATTER gets on top of the bounce and punches firmly to sweeper cover
on a length and slanting away outside off , tip and run to short cover . They take on Gill 's arm for a risky single . He runs in , swoops down on the ball , but ca n't throw the stumps down . A direct hit could have had
back of a length and skipping away outside off , takes the outside edge near the shoulder of the bat although BATTER may argue that he dabbed it down to deep third man
on a length and on the hips , tucked away to deep square leg
back of a length and outside off , BATTER is pretty strong off the back foot , punching down to long-off once again
short and darted into the hips , clipped away to deep backward square off the back foot
dropped short and BOWLER gives BATTER width to free his arms and flay it down to wide long-off
tucked away through square leg off the back foot
flighted and outside off , hint of turn , sliced away towards sweeper cover and that 's drinks
dragged down on middle , heaved away to deep midwicket off the back foot
darted short on middle and leg , BATTER is right back to punch is strongly down to long-on
punched down to wide long-on with the spin
on a length and spins away outside off , BATTER forces it down to long-off off the back foot
short , wide , cracked away to sweeper cover off the back foot
BATTER stretches out and sweeps from a leg-stump line to long leg
tossed up and spinning away from BATTER , he stretches out and slices a drive to sweeper cover
tossed up and spinning in , finishes on the pads , neatly clipped away through square leg
arm ball from BOWLER , chopped from the stumps to sweeper cover
on a length and spinning into the pads , whipped through square leg off the back foot
banged in short at the body at 143ks , fended off to the leg side for one
on a length and on middle , looks like a cross-seamer , pumped away to the left of mid-on
BATTER jumps back to a short ball outside off and scythes it away to sweeper cover
shorter and spinning into middle , punched down to long-on
full on middle , driven down to long-on
very full and nipping into middle and leg , tapped to the right of mid-on
BATTER jumps down the track and slashes a short , wide delivery to sweeper cover
full and wobbles away outside off , BATTER squirts it down to deep third man via an outside edge
full and angling across off , pushed down to long-on
BATTER jumps across off and takes a step out to skew an inside edge down to mid-on
tossed up and spinning in to graze the inside edge as roll away to the leg side as BATTER prods at it from the crease
fuller and outside off , BATTER drives firmly down to long-off
flicked off the pads to deep midwicket
back of a length and around off , patted down to long-on
back of a length and attacking the stumps , squirted away between point and cover
on a length and slanting into off stump , solidly pushed down to long-on off the front foot
BATTER closes the bat-face and turns this middle-stump ball towards square leg
even shorter and wider , BATTER goes back and forces the ball away to the right of long-off
on a length and outside off , struck firmly down the ground . FIELDER tumbles at mid-off to stop the ball
back of a length and outside off at 144ks , tapped to mid-off , and BATTER scampers across to the non-striker 's end
half-tracker outside off , heaved away straight to FIELDER at deep midwicket
driven down to long-off for one
nudged with the spin into the leg side
darted short and wide , carved away to deep point . BATTER has taken nine balls to get off the mark
on a length and spinning in , clipped away through the vacant spaces at midwicket
full toss on leg stump , he brings out the reverse sweep , not much of a follow through as he sweeps hard to point 's left , who dives and stops
tossed up on the stumps , he was giving himself room but got beaten in the flight and ended up inside edging to square leg while trying to play a drive well away from body
fuller on the stumps , driven to long-off with a horizontal bat
tossed up on leg stump , he goes to sweep , gets a bit of glove on it that makes it go over the keeper .
fuller finally by Kuldeed , spinning into him , goes back and punches to long-off
too short to start with , he rocks back and pulls , but there 's a deep midwicket there , so only a single
length coming into him , pushed to mid-on
dug into the pitch on off , stays still and steers to short third man
fuller on off , driven to mid-off on the front foot
back of a length outside off , he was moving across and was cramped for room , pulls it , goes off the bottom half of the bat to mid-on
length on the stumps , tucked through midwicket
sharp movement inwards , tucked to midwicket 's left , who dives and stops
BATTER might be run out at the non-striker 's end here . No he 's dived back and made it just over the line . fuller on off , flicked it aerially to deep midwicket . Not timed so the ball does n't go over the boundary . BATTER was turning for the second but was sent back by BATTER .
almost a yorker , was caught on the crease trying to punch it away , gets an inside edge to fine leg
slower ball , dug into the pitch and keeps it wide outside off , makes BATTER create all the power he needs while slapping it to long-off . Bit of an angry exchange between BATTER and T BOWLER as he comes to the non-striker 's end . Not sure what the issue was , but BATTER looks steamed up .
full outside off , and that 's a crisp looking drive through cover point and BATTER raises his own fifty with that . Was under a bit of pressure coming into this game , he 's responded magnificently
back of a length outside off and going further away , slashes it over cover . Hit really hard but not timed as well as his other shots
was backing away , BOWLER follows him , but with a full toss , flicked through midwicket
full on leg stump , flicked off his toes to deep square leg and fifty on debut for BATTER . Sparklingly brilliant knock . Punches his helmet , points bat at the heavens . BATTER 's got a wide smile in the dugout
short again , on leg stump again , swivels and pulls to fine leg .
back of a length on off , steered to third man
length on leg stump , pulled to fine leg
down the track , he saw him coming and dug it in very short . BATTER had to tennis-smash it from outside off and over his shoulder , to long-off . Struck non-striker BATTER on the way there .
length ball on the stumps , straightens a touch , he pushes at it , goes off the outside half towards mid-off
floated up on leg stump , tucked through midwicket
fuller , comes on the front foot - another googly - works it through midwicket
googly on a length outside off , pushed to long-on
googly , stays back and works it through midwicket
back of a length cramping him for room on the stumps , he bunts it softly to the bowler 's right for a quick single
short again , this time BATTER pulls . Not fully in control , gets it a bit high on the bat and it loops up , but drops well short of deep square leg
too short , and he pulls it through midwicket . There 's a man in the deep to collect
length ball on off , nipping in , pushed to long-on
length on the stumps , goes right back and wrists it to long-on
googly , he was shaping to pull it but decides instead to steer it fine . FIELDER runs to his right at short third man , tumbles and stops the ball
fuller , drifting on leg , he 's coming forward and whips it through midwicket
back of a length outside off , stays beside it and punches through cover
back of a length nipping into him , chopped to third man
length outside off , chopped towards point for a quick single
chest-high short ball on leg stump , BATTER swivels back and controls a pull to deep square leg
back of a length outside off , steered to third man 's right
fuller outside off , lashed through point
short ball , BATTER pulls to deep square leg , keeping it down along the ground
yorker floated on leg stump , flicked off his toes through square leg
length , straying on the pads , tucked through midwicket
length going across him , moves across and taps it softly through midwicket
slower ball , length outside off , cuts it to point . FIELDER runs quickly and fires in a throw that does n't hit direct . Otherwise BATTER might have been in trouble completing that quick single
back of a length on off , turns it to square leg , coming on the front foot
back of a length outside off , jabs at it and it goes to third man off a thick edge
length on off , this time he covers the line of the ball more completely and taps it to mid-on 's left for the quick single
fuller on the pads as he 's moving across , clipped through square leg
length on off , moves across and softly taps to square leg . Hit softly enough that they can take the single even though the bowler himself runs down and fields it
BATTER also advances down the track and cuts this short and wide one to deep point
moves well across this length ball while also coming forward and works it to mid-on
short and outside off , BATTER rides the bounce and secures a single to deep third man
BATTER dabs it in front of point for another urgent single
shorter wrong'un outside off , heaved away to the left of FIELDER at deep midwicket
tapped down to long-on
BATTER backs away and works it to square leg
on a length and outside off , this wrong'un is driven to sweeper cover . A run-a-ball fifty for BATTER and he 's looking good for more
full and skidding into middle and leg , dinked away through square leg
tip and run to point . Busy batting from
BATTER shovels a pull through square leg
shorter and spins away outside off , punched along the ground to FIELDER at sweeper cover
will another half-tracker result in a wicket for England ? FIELDER runs across to his right from deep midwicket only to drop it . Fairly straightforward catch . Dragged away in the air and BATTER gets away
eased down to long-off
on a length and spinning in towards off and middle , BATTER leans back and manipulates it fine of short third man
tossed up on off stump , BATTER brings out the sweep and drags the ball to deep midwicket
on a length and drifting away outside off , patted through cover-point
darted on middle and leg , powered down the ground , but FIELDER dives to his right from mid-on to stop the ball
flighted and outside off , forward and tapped down to long-on
slower and fuller outside off , BATTER leans into a drive and sends the white ball rolling down to long-on
speared into leg stump , jabbed down to long-on
tip and run to point
hauled away from outside off to deep midwicket with a sweep
down the track and forced down the ground . FIELDER tumbles to his right and parries the ball away towards long-off
shorter and spinning in from outside off , flayed away to sweeper cover
dinked to short fine leg
slashed to sweeper
another googly , but it 's short again , punched from outside off to long-on
shovelled with the bottom wrist down to long-on
on a length and wobbles away outside off , BATTER opens the bat-face and knocks a single down to deep third man
back of a length and wide of off , pushed away to sweeper cover
on a length and breaks away outside off , run away through point
darted into leg stump , swept firmly this time to long leg
dipping into a full length just outside off , squirted down the ground past the bowler
darted short and wide outside off , carved out to sweeper cover once again
short , wide , steered to sweeper cover
back of a length and angling into middle , whisked away to the right of mid-on
speared into middle and leg , tucked through square leg
tossed up on the pads , nudged away towards fine leg
dug in short on middle , BATTER gets inside the line and helps it away to fine leg
wide of the crease , short of a length and holding its line outside off , angled down to deep third man
BATTER rides the bounce of this short delivery outside off and secures a single down to deep third man
scooped in the air but wide of extra-cover , squirted away towards the left of sweeper cover
overpitched and outside off , eased to sweeper cover off the front foot as BATTER gets off the mark
back of a length and angling into the stumps , BATTER defensively drops it onto the pitch and scampers across for a single . T BOWLER chases the ball and collides with BATTER who recovers and completes the quick single
much fuller and nipping away outside off , BATTER pokes it down to third man off an outside edge
outside edge goes past the lone slip . BATTER coming down the track again , the elder BOWLER does what his younger brother did and bangs it in shorter . BATTER left feeling for it as it moves away too . Takes a thick edge to slip 's left and third man fields
back of a length outside off , tapped to mid-on
back of a length outside off , chops it down to third man
full on the stumps , flicked to deep square leg
full , swinging away a tad outside off , BATTER gets his bat parallel to the ground to guide it to third man
length outside off , given room to free his arms and cuts forcefully . There 's protection at deep point
length on the pads , flicked to deep square leg
length outside off , calmly opens the face to steer to third man
back of a length on the stumps , tucked through square leg
short outside off , rocks back to swivel and pull this to deep square leg . There 's a fielder there
fuller on off , nudged to deep square leg by closing the face of the bat
length on leg , clipped to mid-on
dug in short , BATTER goes for the pull , one of his favourite shots , does n't quite get the timing right this time though , but keeps it down to fine leg
length on the stumps , comes on the front foot and turns it through square leg
full on off , punched very firmly to mid-on 's left , who does well to dive and stop
length on middle and leg , tucked through square leg
back of a length on the stumps , tapped softly beside him for a quick single
down the track again , this one is nudged from the inside half of the bat through midwicket as India finally get a run
dug in short and rising up to his ribs on leg stump , gets inside the line and fends it down with control to fine leg
back of a length outside off , opens the face to steer to third man . 145 clicks
full on off , bit of swing for S FIELDER across BATTER , twirled off his toes to midwicket .
back of a length outside off , steered to third man
fuller on leg stump , clipped off his pads to deep square leg
hits the hard length again , but a bit straighter , and BATTER able to turn it off his hips into the square leg area . Quick single taken
full on off , shuffles across and clips to mid-on 's left
fuller on the stumps , flicked off his toes through square leg
length on the stumps , punched to long-on
fuller outside off and angling away , goes for the drive and thick edges it to third man
back of a length outside off , stands tall and punches , straight to FIELDER at cover who lets it slip through his hands . Extra cover cleans up but they get a single
back of a length on the stumps , he was looking to tap it into the legside , the ball bounces higher than he anticipated and takes the top edge off his horizontal bat and rolls towards point
back of a length coming into off , stays in his crease and pushes it to long-on
length ball on the stumps , went back to punch , it hung in the air but well wide of BOWLER to his right . Long-off gathers . That ends BOWLER 's spell , he 's gone for 84 in 10 overs .
goes on straight with the arm , length outside off , punched through cover
tossed up on the stumps , driven to long-off on the front foot
down the track , gets to the pitch and drives it to long-off
tossed up a bit on off , gently worked to square leg for a quick single .
strays on the right-hander 's pads this time from around the wicket , and is tucked to deep square leg
length ball strays on the pads , tucked to square leg
length ball , tapped to long-on
banged in short , leg slip is there for that ball , but he does well to move across and fend it downwards to backward square leg
fuller on off , driven through cover
moves across him as he 's looking to clip it through the legside . Leading edge flies through backward point
wider line , that 's not a terrible response , BATTER rocks back to cut to deep cover
over the wicket , into the legs , nudged to the on-side
opens the face , glided through backward point , England are ticking along nicely
very full , thumped back at the bowler 's shins , and they scamper the single to bring up his fifty as the ball deflects to mid-off . Important innings from BATTER , especially given England 's injured batsman
tight line from over the wicket , blocked into the covers
honked across the line again , but he clothed this one , over-hit it a touch and lost his shape as the ball dribbled to deep midwicket
very full , eased to long-on to complete a tidy over
high elbow , driven down the ground to long-on
a touch too short outside off , cracked firmly into the covers
eased down the ground , compact strike rotation
poked to long-on to complete another excellent over , that first ball excluded
bottom-handed drill through long-on
cracked hard to deep cover , latching onto the rare width
too wide again , another comfortable freeing of the arms from BATTER , and a single out to the deep cover boundary
width , met at the top of the bounce with a thunking cut to deep cover
clobbered down to long-on
BATTER returns the compliment with a left-hander 's glide to third man . Steady from England to finish another threatening over
on the back foot , opens the face to steer down to third man with a hop for good measure
eased to long-on , pressing through the line probing line from round the wicket
clawed out to the leg side
back of a length , tight line , firmly punched to mid-off
on the back foot , an open-faced punch to deep cover , and that 's a well-weighted shot too , but just the single
another big wind-up from BATTER , who seems to adjust mid-stroke to bunt the ball along the turf to deep midwicket , when his original designs had been on the stands
wicket-to-wicket , tight line , dabbed to mid-on with a full face of the bat
shuffling back to make room as the ball turns into a slightly cramped cut , out to deep cover
on the back foot , glided into the covers with an open face
sliding into the hips , clipped behind square to keep England moving . It 's a bit static after that flurry to the century stand , but a rebuild is fine with the depth to come
a hack across the line , he felt that one was in his arc outside off , but did n't get hold of it to mid-on
solidly pushed down the line , to long-on . Steady as she goes from England
patted down to long-on , a period of calm from BATTER as England focus on regrouping
standing tall on the back foot , punched to long-on
back of a length , punched uppishly to long-on . It 's 111 for 1 . FIELDER Shepherd would be hopping mad right now
the checked shot does n't quite come off this time , it plops in the air but there 's no one at mid-on and it rolls to long-on for a single
off-cutter , dug into the pitch , he waits for it and calmly steers it to backward point
length on the stumps , pushed to long-on . Yet another century stand between these two .
tossed up on the stumps , dug out to deep square leg
too short , goes back and pulls to deep square leg
wants to go aerial but ca n't quite get underneath it , and it goes one-bounce to FIELDER at long-on
driven to long-on
popped in the air through point , but safe . Back of a length outside off , gets a leading edge to an attempted punch that flies through the point area
mis-times his slog sweep , goes off the toe end along the ground to deep midwicket
tossed up outside off , stretches forward to punch to long-off . FIELDER likes that length , says 'ye accha hai ' to BOWLER .
lenth on leg stump , goes back and wrists it to square leg
carved through point , hung in the air since it came off the bottom half of the bat , but no fielder around . The fielder in the deep cleans up
fuller on the stumps , driven to long-on
strays on leg stump and BATTER gets low to pull fiercely . Deep square leg cleans up
tossed up outside off , he clears his front leg to thrash it through off , slaps it to long-off
length ball , comes on the front foot to nudge through square leg . Smiles between batsman and bowler as BATTER runs across - they 're SRH teammates of course .
fuller , tailing into him , driven on the front foot to mid-off 's right for a quick single . Direct hit by FIELDER but BATTER was well home
too short again , swivels and controls his pull shot to deep square leg
length on the stumps , shaping into him , worked to fine leg
flowing cover drive , but FIELDER 's a livewire there today and moves quickly to his right to tumble and stop that . Too full this time by BOWLER and room outside off
length ball on the pads , tucked to fine leg
length ball coming into him , in the channel , he 's moving across so picks it off his pads to mid-on
moves across and has exposed all three stumps , but the ball is straight at him , in the original channel , fullish and he pats it towards mid-on
was coming down the track and making room , but almost yorked himself on off stump , managed to toe-end a slap to mid-off
pushed to mid-off with soft hands and they sprint for the quick single . FIELDER the fielder lets fly at the non-striker 's end . Direct hit would have caught BATTER short
strays on the pads , back of a length , BATTER flicks off his hips to fine leg
swinging into him this time and BATTER pushes it to mid-on
back over the wicket , and that 's an excellent fuller length fast bowl , 135kph , and a bit of outswing too , flogged into the covers
round the wicket , slow bouncer , into the body , as BATTER aims for his favourite wind-up over the covers , but gets it high on the bat
waist-high full toss , very straight ... and he gets away with it on height , as it dips at the last second . Excellent ball in the circumstances ... the margins are so fine !
a bottom-handed bash out to deep point . A single to finish BOWLER 's spell . It 's another ugly analysis , but TK actually did pretty well at the beginning and end ... just got battered in the middle !
cuffed to long-off , gets slightly on top of this mow across the line
wide outswinger , good areas from TK , thrashed hard but straight at the cover sweeper . A single will suffice from England 's point of view
another slower ball , shaping down the leg side , and he gets out of his over very well . BATTER claws a pull to the leg side , but ca n't get it fine enough to elude the sweeper
flogged with intent across the line , but high on the bat as FIELDER rushes in from cow corner to gather . This has been a sedate over so far . Good work from
big wind-up across the line , BATTER loses his shape on impact as BOWLER finds a good length outside off . Gathered at deep midwicket
drilled down the ground , picked up from outside off again
batted to wide long-on , as the BATTER brothers come together ... against the BOWLER brothers ?
cuffed down to long-on . England will settle for the single
an excellent follow-up , a well-directed wide yorker . BATTER squeezes the single down to third man
down the ground once more , a good piece of relaying fielding from FIELDER and FIELDER cuts off the boundary
better ball , a yorker , dipping right into the blockhole , and chiselled to the leg side
full and outside off , pressed down to third man
lines up the yorker , dipping into the toes , and poked to point
very wide of the left-hander , but a good delivery in the circumstances , angling further away from his arc . But still a solid connection with the toe to deep cover
low full toss , but very straight , whipped to the on-side
short , into the ribs , a decent delivery to cramp the pull , backward square gathers
reaching with a fishing rod , on the wide line again , and patted out to the covers
pumped with a full swing through the line , down to long-on
wide line on a full length , fetched to long-on for the single
back of a length , and tapped to midwicket , and BATTER has a redemptive century ! Off comes the helmet , out comes the double ear-cup ... can you hear those critics now ? His skipper stuck by him through thin and thinner , and he 's back with a vengeance now !
into the hips , clipped to midwicket , BATTER looks for the second , but it 's not there ... 99 it is ...
panned out through midiwicket , but straight at the sweeper . More violence across the line
closing the face for a nudge to the on-side , he 's two away now ... so was BATTER on Tuesday ...
short again , outside off , flicked to leg once more , but this time straight at the man back on the rope
length delivery , angling into the right-hander , BATTER shovels to the on-side
flicked behind square , on the leg side , FIELDER is in position to intercept on the edge of the rope
punched off the back foot , into the covers
back of a length , on off stump , flipped to the leg-side as the face closes on impact
crushed to wide long-on , he nailed that stroke too , but this time it 's straight at the sweeper
slow cutter , drifting into the pads but holding up in the pitch , FIELDER rushes in well to limit the runs from a dab to midwicket
very full from over the wicket , swinging into a delicate clip to leg
pressed out to point , another single to the cause
lots of flight and bite on this one , BATTER is forward with an open face to guide into the covers
attempted gallop to the pitch , BOWLER sees him coming and drags his length back , BATTER responds with a cramped square drive . Good battle of wits
back of a length , leg-stump line , whipped to square leg
lots of air , BATTER leans into a lofted clip , and is lucky he did n't connect more sweetly ! Long-on was lurking , but had to take it on the bounce
sharp bouncer , BATTER rolls his wrists into a defensive pull , deep square leg tidies up as he connects well
awkward in-between length , that 's where BOWLER can cause bother , BATTER rides the bounce with a tap to cover , and some nifty footwork from the bowler takes on the run-out , to no avail
over the wicket to the leftie , back of a length , and flicked off the ribs to square leg
round the wicket , good carry from just back of a length , as BATTER punches compactly to deep cover
flashed firmly along the turf to long-off , meeting the full length with a full face
on the legs , tapped square for the single
sliding onto a back-foot punch , that one just skids into the bat on an off-stump line
length on the pads , turned through square .
length ball angled into him , opens up and tucks it through square
flatter and shorter on the stumps , tucked to midwicket 's right for a quick single
length ball angled into him and spinning away from off , he jabs it down towards short fine leg
fuller on leg stump , googly , comes on the front foot to work it to deep midwicket
fuller outside off , driven to deep cover
full toss on the pads , flicked to deep square leg . Thought he might have a big wind-up at that , but maybe he was taken by surprise by the full toss
wider outside off and turning away , bounced a bit more than he expected as he was going to cut , and went aerial , but no fielder at cover
length on the stumps goes back and plays it through square
length on off , stays back and whips through square leg
fuller outside off , picks it up from a fifth stump line to drive to long-on
flicked through midwicket
back of a length on the stumps , goes back and whips through midwicket
goes wider outside off now and is slapped through cover
length outside off , stays beside it and punches through cover
tossed up outside off , worked to long-on
fuller outside off , was pressing forward a bit early but adjusts well to push it to long-on
goes back to this back of length ball and stabs it back past the bowler
down the track , clipped off his toes to long-on . Raises a second consecutive fifty .
fuller on the stumps , lashed through cover . They wanted two , but decide against it , with the deep point fielder having got there quickly
tossed up on the stumps , stays beside it and drives firmly to long-off
tossed up on the stumps , driven gently to long-off
length on off , slightly quicker , squirted to deep point
length outside off , steered to deep point
length ball on the stumps , punched past the bowler . century partnership , off 119 balls
comes on the front foot to drive to long-on
tossed up , but drifting on the pads , worked to square leg on the front foot
tossed up on off , gently nudged to cover
tossed up outside off , comes on the front foot to push to extra cover 's left
length ball on the stumps , goes back and punches to long-on . Yet another ODI fifty for BATTER .
fuller now , plenty of variation in length from BOWLER , but comfortably driven to long-on
flatter back of a length on the stumps , goes back and slaps it with a horizontal bat to long-on
tossed up outside off and they 're happy to pick those off to long-on
length ball outside off , punched from the back foot through cover
tossed up on the stumps , driven to long-off
tossed up outside off , pushed through point
fuller on the pads , worked through midwicket on the front foot
tossed up on the stumps , driven forcefully to long-on
fuller on the stumps , stretches forward and gets pad and bat legside of the ball , opens the face to steer through cover
length on the stumps , stays still and opens the face to steer to point 's right
length outside off , stays well balanced beside it and cuts through point
down the track , gets to the pitch and flicks to long-on
length ball , goes back and punches to long-on
comes on the front foot and opens the face to steer through point
tossed up outside off , comes on the front foot to drive fiercely to long-off . BOWLER may have got a hand to it to slow its progress
quicker , slightly back o fa length on the stumps , punched to long-on from the back foot
length outside off , stays beside it and punches through point
skips down the track and gets to the pitch to flick to long-on
dropped by FIELDER . BOWLER got this to spin a bit more , tossed up on a very good length , inviting the drive but dipping before he can quite get to the pitch . Goes through with it , gets a thin but audible snick . Very little reaction time for FIELDER , who ca n't hold on
tossed up on the stumps , punched to long-off
fuller , drifting on leg , whipped off his toes to long-on
tossed up on a good length , BATTER could n't quite reach the pitch even with a big stride out , but manages to push it between extra cover and point
fuller outside off , BATTER comes on the front foot for a wristy cover drive . there 's a man back on the fence there .
tossed up a bit more , pushed to long-on
back of a length again , goes back and punches to long-on
fuller on middle , punched back with a straight bat , BOWLER dives to his right but ca n't stop it , parries it to mid-on . Enough time for them to get the single
tossed up again , but he 's still a bit too full , BATTER comes on the front foot to drive to long on
tossed up on the stumps , driven to long-on
fuller on off , pushed to long-on
he 's back to the back of length line at roughly 90 kph , but this time the batsman is expecting it and goes back quickly to whip through midwicket
fuller on the stumps , punched down the ground . Long-on trots to his left to gather
back o fa length , he 's bowling quickish is BOWLER , BATTER goes back and slaps through midwicket
back of a length on off , not much turn , steered through point
down the track , gets to the pitch of it and clips to long on
down the track , T BOWLER shortens his length a tad , but BATTER in good position to punch through cover
length ball drifting on the pads , tucked through forward square leg
length outside off , pushed through cover
given some air outside off , BATTER stretches forward and clips it to long on
given some room outside off , he rocks back and gives himself room to cut through point
flicked to deep midwicket , rolling the wrists on impact to keep the score ticking
clipped off the toes to midwicket , FIELDER rushes in well to limit the runs
pulled again , banged in short , and hauled to deep midwicket
shaping into the legs again , offering no width to free the arms , and BATTER settles for the single to mid-on
prodded to third man , off a full length once more
shaping into the pads , clipped to the on-side
full toss from BOWLER and BATTER has no idea what to do with that one , as he stabs the bat outside off and takes the single to cover
rolls the fingers , as this one shapes into the pads , tucked behind square
over-pitched from BOWLER , but there 's a man in the deep for the drive , and he duly tidies up as the 50 comes up
forward to meet the length ball , and that 's met high on the bat too , into the covers
short , and hurried off the pitch as BATTER winds into a flappy pull and gets a bit of a top-edge out to midwicket . This pitch has a bit of zip to it
squeezed out through backward point and gathered in the deep
whipped off the legs to deep backward square
up on the toes , nudged out to cover . A tidy introduction for
opens the face on a fourth-stump line , and deflects the back-of-a-length delivery to third man
stabbed to backward point , riding the bounce from back of a length
fenced to cover on the front foot
leaning forward , and blocked to the on-side
much fuller , aiming for the inswinging yorker , but that 's just a low full-toss , and BATTER accepts the flick to leg to get off the mark
flicked to leg with a measured pull , fractionally short , as the ball is pushed outside the line of off stump
very full again , flicked compactly out to deep midwicket
banged in just back of a length to the right-hander , again from over the wicket , fenced down into the leg side
over-pitched , and BATTER flashes into a drive , half-stopped at short cover , and they steal the single
flicked off the legs , out to deep square leg
good connection , pinged to deep point ! That 'll do ...
opens the face on the full length , poked to point . BATTER keeps the strike
BATTER has a wipe , and FIELDER at midwicket has dropped another shocker ! That is simply terrible , the match on the line , he barely got a finger to it as it plopped out of the lights on the edge of the circle ... wow
on the back foot , open face , and a misfield ! They 've got to run for everything now , and FIELDER 's lanky frame at third man ca n't stoop low enough
bashed with a round-house slog down the ground ! FIELDER at long-on parries well to save the boundary . BATTER 's back on strike , but he wanted the second ! Confusion !
perfect from BATTER ... back of a length , flogged to deep cover . A precious single to get BATTER back on strike
full toss , 'oh no ! ' says BATTER as he top-edges the pull but it 's plugged safe in the deep ! No no-ball , that may have dipped below waist-height , no umpire check
good delivery , a cutter gripping on the back of a length , punched to cover , a tight run but safely home
superb yorker again ! BATTER digs it out to long-on and settles for the single . That was some nerve from BOWLER after his first-ball treatment
pumped hard through the line , just back of a yorker length from BATTER , who connects well to long-on , and takes the single
another fine yorker ! Well bowled again , this time BATTER takes the single , realising that he might need to recalibrate for the next over . BATTER for two balls then ...
low full toss , a rare overcook from Bhuvi , but not a costly one , as BATTER cloths his swing across the line to deep midwicket
clipped from a full length , down to long-on , for BATTER 's fifty ! Just 45 balls , it 's been a good hand in tough circumstances
back of a length , finds a fat edge off the back foot , down to third man . A productive area today , but it 's got BATTER back on strike
opens the face well this time and they pick off the single to third man . One ball for BATTER to reclaim the strike , or make the most of facing
back of a length , rolls the wrists on a pull , out to deep midwicket
back of a length , clipped to short midwicket
angled bat , fenced down to third man to get off the mark
nearly ! A drill through the line at that wide cutter , does n't connect as the ball lobs into the deep ... might have been a tumbling chance if he 'd committed to the catch ... but settles for a gather on the bounce
cracked uppishly through third man , another single to the cause
full again , angled bat , jabbed to gully
very full again , on a leg-stump line and nudged off the toes .
slower yorker , pretty well delivered , as BATTER checks his stroke outside off , and pushed to mid-off
jabbed with the toe of the bat , down to third man , good strike rotation , deflecting the wide line
outside off , deflected down to third man . Another single . England can keep this tempo going for several overs yet
attempted yorker , met on the full with a measured jab to midwicket
short , slower ball , swiped off the eyebrows , in the air for a while , but safe through midwicket
clipped off the legs to fine leg . Runs keep dripping off England 's bats
very full again , pressed to the on-side
opens the face on the back foot , stabbed down to third man
leg-sided , jabbed off the pads in front of square . Another single to the cause
flicked off the toes , into the leg side again
banged in short , and a top-edged pull landed safe . Another single
patted off the legs to the on-side once more
nurdled to the on-side to keep the strike . Still England stay alive ...
up on the toes , and boshed to deep point
slower ball , grips the pitch on a back of a length , fenced to third man
rolls the fingers outside off , guided to third man with an open face
poked into the covers for the single this time
on the legs , clipped to the on-side
back of a length , very tight line , another dabbed single to third man . Singles will keep England ticking for now
back of a length outside off , a tap to point and a slightly jerky call for the single ! But BATTER commits as FIELDER plunges in , and misses with his shy
outside off , a jab to third man , another single . Taking it deep for now
angled bat on the fuller length , dabbed just wide of the tumbling FIELDER , on the bounce , and down to third man
cramped on the leg stump , clipped to the on-side for the single
back of a length and outside off , BATTER scuffs a pull behind square
shortish and outside off , tapped away off the back foot to sweeper cover
short and spinning into middle and leg , punched down to long-on
fuller and outside off , eased down to long-on
tucked off the hips to long leg
dug in short and outside off , helped down to deep third man
on a length and on middle , cross-seamer , patted down the ground
on a length and just a shade outside off , stabbed straight of mid-off
shorter and outside off , quicker at 102ks , jabbed away through the line to long-off
back of a length and skidding into the stumps at 101ks , BATTER now forces a single down to long-on
back of a length and spinning into the stumps , BATTER forces it down to long-on
dragged short and spinning away outside off , powered down the ground
speared into the pads , glanced away through backward square leg
short and angling across off stump , BATTER cracks it to sweeper cover to bring up a 50-run stand with BATTER off 43 balls . England are ticking again
pitched up and outside off , shovelled away with the bottom hand to deep midwicket
short and on middle and leg , stabbed to mid-on
fuller and outside off , drilled away to the right of mid-off . FIELDER throws himself to his right to keep that to a single
tapped down the ground for a single
flat and spinning into the stumps , pushed down the ground
dropped short and spins away wide outside off , carved away through backward point
BOWLER 's response to back-to-back fours is a lifter , socks the shoulder and rolls down to deep third man
tossed up on middle stump , BATTER stretches out and drives down to long-on
worked with the spin to deep midwicket
back of a length and outside off , forced off the back foot to long-off
on a length and largely holds its line outside off , maybe it skidded into BATTER , an inside edge fetches him a single
on a length and just a shade outside off , run down to deep third man
chest-high short ball on middle , BATTER confidently swivel-pulls it away to deep square leg
BATTER shuffles across off and flicks a middle-stump ball through midwicket
on a length and outside off , driven on the up to the left of sweeper cover
back of a length and homing away outside off , BATTER slides it down to deep third man
very full and jagging into middle , down the track and whipped away through midwicket
on a length and around off , tip and run into the covers once again
on a length and outside off , BATTER engages in another busy dab down to third man
on a length and around off , BATTER opens the bat-face and manipulates a single to the left of FIELDER at short cover . He ca n't throw the stumps down
rib-high lifter on middle , BATTER looks away , but manage to flap a hook to deep square
drilled out to the cover sweeper for the single
back of a length , open-faced glide once more , down to third man . Easy pickings for BATTER in that region
dipping into the toes from over the wicket , tickled behind square
firm block to long-off , another single
angled bat , half a step out of the pitch to poke to the covers
more fierce contact on the cut shot , but third man slides round to intercept
width , wafted down to third man with an open face
spears in the yorker , blocked into the off side with very soft hands . Another single to the cause
back of a length , and BATTER was struggling there ! Set off for the quick single for a back-footed flog to cover , but he was slow setting off due to his rooted footwork ... a direct hit would have been close !
back of a length again , tapped to the on-side , another single to keep things ticking
angled bat , poked to third man for another single . Uncomplicated from BATTER , he 's got licence to take his time and build into his innings
on the toes once more , and clipped to the leg side
tapped to short cover , and good reactions from BATTER to hurtle through to the danger end for a pressure-relieving single
a horror drop from FIELDER behind the bowler 's arm ! A plant of the front foot from BATTER , seeking to drill his straight drive into the sightscreen , but he got right under the shot , high in the air , and it was a dolly at mid-off ! Plopped towards his hand like a rain drop !
nurdled to the on-side and another single to the cause
open face , BATTER is back on his stumps , as is his wont early in an innings , and picks off the single to third man
angled bat , poked to point , another single to the cause
back of a length , up on the toes to cut out to point
angled bat , tighter line and fuller length , blotted down to third man
nurdled off the pads to deep square leg , BATTER is up and running
on a length and outside off , creamed to sweeper cover
pitched up and outside off , punchily driven to mid-off for one
short and angling across off , helped down to third man
on a length and outside off , driven through the line to sweeper cover
full on the pads , whisked away to deep midwicket
short and angling into BATTER , pulled to long leg
dug in short and attacking the body of BATTER , spliced to long leg . BATTER is still searching for his first boundary
back of a length on middle , BATTER heaves it away to the right of mid-on
full on the pads , picked up and whipped away between deep square and deep midwicket
run down to deep third man . BATTER searches for the double , but BATTER sends him back
on-pace length ball angling into BATTER , whipped to deep midwicket
slower bouncer ? On middle , BATTER gets bat on ball , dragging it to long leg
back of a length on middle , on-pace ball , flicked away to deep midwicket
dug in short and outside off , BATTER fends it in front of point and collects a single
dug in short and outside off , BATTER clubs a pull straight to deep midwicket
short ball , aimed the body , cramps BATTER for length . BOWLER has him flapping a pull to deep square
back of a length and slanting into middle , scuffed away through backward square leg off the inner half
another slower delivery from BOWLER , but he has managed to drag his length back , having BATTER flap it away towards deep midwicket
hip-high short ball on middle and leg , pulled away to deep midwicket
back of a length and outside off , punched up to sweeper cover
back of a length and slanting in , rolls wide of midwicket off the inner edge
short , wide , cracked away to the left of FIELDER at deep third man
shortish and outside off , steered wide of deep third man
back of a length and outside off , angled down to deep third man
back of a length and outside off , BATTER stands tall and forces it away to the left of short cover . YJB throws himself to his left and makes a half-save , copping a blow on his left hand . YJB leaves the field
full and outside off , 140ks , BATTER opens the face and drives to sweeper cover
flat and spinning away outside off , eased to sweeper cover
tossed up slower and spins in to middle and leg , forward and pushed down to long-on
driven with the spin to sweeper cover for one . BATTER brings up a 36-ball fifty and a hug from his elder brother is part of the celebrations . Sweet as ...
back of a length and outside off , guided to cover-point sweeper
shorter and outside off , clipped away towards deep midwicket
fired short and outside off , seems like another wrong'un in the channel . Swiped away to deep midwicket
dangled up outside off and spins away further as BOWLER hides this legbreak away from BATTER 's swinging arc . Hauled to long-on
on a length and outside off , some spin for BOWLER , picked away with the wrists to deep midwicket
on a length and outside off , BATTER plays back to another cutter and works it through square leg
whipped from outside off through the vacant spaces at midwicket . There 's protection in the deep
another wrong'un , but even shorter , allowing BATTER to whip it behind square off the back foot
slower bouncer , that 's a fine finish , BATTER yawns into the pull but the lack of pace stymies his attempts at getting any oomph through the shot
Flashed hard out to the leg side , good connection on this one but the sweeper gathers
round the wicket , very fine yorker , jabbed with an open face to third man
on the back foot , pushed through a bit flatter and punched to deep cover
another googly , does n't turn much as BATTER flicks from an offstump line to short backward square
pressed firmly to long-off , with a full face of the bat on the legbreak
looped onto a good length outside off , flicked to square leg
firmly pushed to mid-on , on the back foot
up on the back foot , and pressed into the off side
shaping into the left-hander 's pads and nudged behind square
clipped square to work the single
drawn onto the front foot , pushed into the covers . A decent over so far ... can BATTER ruin it for him ?
looped onto the legs , and tucked square
tickled into the gap at midwicket for the single
nudged to backward square leg to rotate the strike
back onto the stumps , a languid clip to leg , but this is superb from BOWLER , just munching big chunks out of India 's momentum
back of a length , nudged off the legs behind square
a bit of confidence now from BOWLER as he probes on a full length , a run-out opportunity as they get mixed up on the single , but the throw is wild and they get the overthrow instead
outside off , rocking back for the cut , slightly too short to open his account but the sweeper tidies
pressed to long off ... minimal damage in that over ... BOWLER keeps it tight
easy strike rotation for the moment as BATTER drives down to long-on for the single
chipped out to midwicket
clipped to the on-side to keep the strike rotating
crashed in the air , and inches short of FIELDER at cow corner ! He does well to intercept it on the half volley , BATTER seemed to scuff the turf with his shot , which maybe killed some of the pace on the ball
nudged to the leg side , into the gap that that previous shot has just created
tickled to the on-side , on the front foot , and they jog the single to complete the over . BOWLER is doing a fine job here
forward and pushed back to the bowler
round the wicket again , turning into BATTER 's pads , but clipped with power to the man in the deep at wide long-on
on the back foot , another Kohli-length offbreak from BOWLER , but this is pressed more calmly off the back foot to cover
drilled with intent into the covers , but well intercepted in the deep
stretching forward , eased into the covers , another calm and tight over ... the tourniquet is tightened by England 's spinners . They 've stemmed the bleeding and some
patted into the gap at midwicket for another single
sliding across the crease , nudging the googly to the leg side
chiselled to the on-side , it 's a rebuilding process out there
speared down the leg side , and jabbed to backward square on a full length
nurdled to the leg side
aggression from BATTER , a gorgeous whip of the bottom hand to drill that so straight through long-on , but FIELDER makes good ground to cut off the four
round the wicket , dipping on an off-stump line , forward with an angled bat and tapped to cover
back and across , clipping the full length to the on-side
onto the front foot , drilled hard into the covers once more , picking out the sweeper again
wide line , thrashed hard off the back foot but the cover sweeper is in place to gather
back of a length , poked off the pads to square leg
advancing to the pitch and whipped off the toes to short fine leg
round the wicket , shaping into the legs , tucked square for the single
clipped out to deep midwicket
100 up for India in 14 overs . Full and on the stumps , BATTER moves forward and drives it smoothly to the left of mid-on
back of a length and sliding in at off , BATTER opens the bat-face , drops it in front of point , and they hustle across for another urgent single
floated on the pads , dinked away through square leg
shorter and outside off , steered to deep third man
it 's BATTER 's turn to drop the ball to the leg side and scamper across to the other end
tip and run to the covers
short and spins away outside off , cracked to sweeper cover off the back foot
wrong'un , shortish and sliding away , BATTER ends up dragging it away behind square on the leg side
pulled away to the right of deep square leg . More work for FIELDER or rather FIELDER this time . He swoops down to his right and keeps it to a single
hip-high short ball outside off , hauled away to deep midwicket with a pull
picked off the pads through backward square leg
dragged short and outside off , short-armed away once again to the leg side , but FIELDER stops this after moving to his right from deep square
short and slanting away outside off , carved to deep third man . India are 65 for 0 after the powerplay
dragged short and outside off , BATTER swats a pull away to deep midwicket
BOWLER gets an outside edge this time with subtle away movement , poked down to third man
shortish and outside off , BATTER opens the face and helps it down to deep third man
back of a length and outside off , angled away past slip towards deep third man
tip and run to the right of mid-off , good urgency from BATTER and
much fuller and BOWLER brings this back into BATTER from left-arm over , knocked away through the leg side
chest-high short ball on middle , nicely swivel-pulled down to long leg
back of a length and slanting into middle , nurdled away through square leg
straying into the hips , picked away square of short fine leg
BATTER shuffles across off and turns an inswinger wide of short midwicket
full-length inswinger from BOWLER , draws a leading edge into the covers . BATTER scampers across for the single
another inswinger , finishes on the pads , BATTER picks it away through backward square leg
nice and full , a hint of inswing , squirted to the leg side off an inside edge . FIELDER swoops in from midwicket , collects the ball , but ca n't throw the stumps down . A direct hit could 've put BATTER in trouble
opens the face , glided out to deep cover , and that is an extraordinarily smooth victory !
flicked off the toes , out to deep midwicket
forward and punched into the covers
crashing hoick of a drive , looking for the covers , but settles for a dragged single to mid-on
whipped off the toes to the on-side
punched to long-on , more singles to the cause
flicked off the legs to the on-side , another misfield
another scampered single , the shy comes in but safely home
back of a length , and pounded out to the leg side
another open-faced tap to third man . So much time for that stroke every ball , sitting back and waiting for the angle
on the back foot , pressed to short cover
opens the face on the back foot , picks off the single to third man
back foot once more , turned around the corner . If there was a 5pm kick-off today , England would be looking good for the second half ...
another single , flicked to leg
full length , clipped hard to short midwicket , and a misfield gifts another single . Pakistan are cooked . There 's always Lord 's !
flicked off the legs , behind square
nudged off the pads through square leg . Simple pickings
back of a length , outside off , soft hands , dabbed to third man
flipped off the legs , singles aplenty now
back of a length , flicked off the pads to fine leg
tapped off the pads , striding to the pitch and picking the gap to keep the strike . Easy peasy
nurdled off the full length , up comes the 100 and England are cruising
full length again , flicked calmly to the leg side
slower ball , BATTER waits on the back foot and drops the ball at his feet
back of a length , swished off the hip to backward square . A bit of a ropey throw from the deep
very full length , curling from the hand , high-elbowed drive to short cover
short ball at the right shoulder , pulled away to long leg
cut firmly away through the off side . Half-stopped at point on the dive
slower ball , driven firmly out to the sweeper on the cover boundary
inside-edged out to backward square leg for one . Fullish , and BATTER was shaping to drive but there was enough nibble for BOWLER to locate the inside edge
slower ball , dabbed to gully for a sharp single
short ball , pulled out to deep square on the bounce . Not timed , and FIELDER was briefly interested , but it fell some way short of him
length ball , punched out into the covers off the back foot
length ball , punched out to deep cover
slower ball , offcutter angled across him . Dabbed down to deep third to retain the strike
length outside off , flashed down to deep third with an open face
clipped down to long leg
angled across BATTER , who steers down to deep third with an open face
shimmies down the pitch again , taking a quick single to mid-on after mistiming the drive
back of a length , bit of width , guided down to deep third with an open-faced glide
length ball , angled across him , and BATTER dabs down to deep third with an open face
length ball , dabbed down through backward point with an open face . Imam throws himself to his left to cut it off , chasing after it
short again , pulled out to long leg with much better timing
clipped to mid-on from a length , and BATTER calls BATTER through for a sharp single
back of a length , dabbed into the gully on the bounce and they scamper through for one . BATTER off the mark in ODIs
length ball , tickled round the corner to long leg
thick inside edge past leg stump ! BATTER is forward to cover drive , and there 's a hint of nip in off the seam to take the inside edge , which flies past the base of the stumps , down to fine leg
width outside off , punched off the back foot down to deep third
looks to force through mid-off but inside-edges to mid-on . Scampers through for a single . BATTER yet to settle
fullish on the pads , clipped to mid-on for a Red Bull Run , and BATTER is off the mark in ODIs !
strays onto the hip , BATTER clips down to FIELDER at long leg who races in to prevent the second run
length ball , nipping away , opens the face and dabs down to deep third to get off the mark
extra bounce , fended away through the vacant area at gully , comfortably out of backward point 's reach . BATTER shaped to steer this to leg but it got bit on him , and he fenced it away from the grille via the shoulder of the bat
defended into the off side off the back foot , and BATTER calls BATTER through for a sharp single . Looks a very organised batter , does
angled in off the seam , guided down to deep third
banged in outside off , BATTER rides the bounce and dabs down to deep third . 84mph/134kph
driven firmly out to the cover sweeper
banged into the pitch at 84mph/135kph , pulled out to FIELDER at deep backward square on the bounce
low full toss , a hint of inswing , and eased out to deep cover . BOWLER has the No.10 in his sights now ...
back of a length , chopped to the off side
on the back foot , and pressed into the covers
angled bat past backward point , another aggressive over
wild swipe across the line , big top-edge , but plugs short of third man . Nearly the five-for !
very full length , squeezed down to third man
pushed through , faster and flatter , blocked on the back foot
aggression on the drive , clearing the front foot , and wiped down to long-off
sliding onto the back foot , and pressed to cover
hustled on the back foot , tight line to off stump , and a good sharp run into the gap on the off side
on the back foot , stabbed to point and a ripple of applause for the 100 . It 's been a struggle for Pakistan
worked out to point , gets out the dive to complete the run , but that was safer than some today !
short again , pulled with a roll of the wrists , out to the sweeper at backward square
on the back foot , dabbed to point , more specious running as the diving shy comes in
finds the gap in the covers this time
rolls the fingers on the cutter , fuller length outside off , driven without timing into the covers
drilled hard back to the bowler - BOWLER sticks out his hand and wishes he had n't as his injured digit takes a battering . He 'll live
kneeling into a drive to short cover , off-stump line this time
swept into the leg side
back of a length , thumped under the eyeline to long-on
tossed up on middle and leg , defensive push back past the bowler , who tips it round the post , Schmeichel v Maguire style . But they scramble the deflected single
full length , into the legs , clipped firmly to deep square
heavy ball , outside off , chopped to third man with an open face
back of a length , jumps onto the back foot to whip off the pads . 80mph/129kph
chipped back past the bowler ! 89mph/143kph . Full and straight , and BOWLER got a hand to this . Very tough chance , as he stuck out a hand to his left while off-balance in his follow-through . Pressed out towards mid-off by BATTER but his timing was off
banged in short , and BATTER latches onto it , pulling out to FIELDER at deep backward square
good bounce from a length , nudged to midwicket
full on the pads , clipped to mid-on and they take on FIELDER 's arm . He races in and throws baseball-style at the non-striker 's end , but misses the stumps , and BATTER was home safely
blimey , 89mph/143kph yorker to start . Well dug out , down to deep third . Sharp inswing , too !
very wide on the crease , punched to extra cover on the edge of the ring for one
good bounce from a length outside off , steered down to deep third 's right via the outside third of the bat
full and straight , driven dead-straight back down the ground , past BOWLER 's outstretched right hand . So straight that it ricochets off the stumps at the non-striker 's end , away for a single
angled across him , and they pinch a single into the covers with a nudge-and-run
squares him up with some seam movement from back of a length . Skews away down to deep third via the outside edge
slings a fullish one down at 86mph/139kph , which BATTER tucks down to long leg for a single via the inside third of the bat
tries to leave but nearly drags on ! Back of a length , BATTER shouldered arms but withdrew the bat so late that he ended up inside-edging past his leg stump , and down to fine leg
hard length , 86mph/139kph , tucked into the leg side for a quick single
dabbed down to deep third to rotate the strike
short , gets up to hip height around off stump , pulled to deep square leg
length ball on middle stump , stays back and pushes with a straight bat to the right of midwicket
length ball on off stump , driven to deep cover point
quicker now , leg-sidish , helped along to deep backward square leg
steps out now , not quite to the pitch . Drags his drive off the inside half of the bat to long-on , just past the left hand of the bowler
floated across the left-hander , wide of off stump , reaches out and sweeps to deep square leg
length ball close to off stump , lets it come on and pushes into the cover point region
full , angling in towards off stump , clipped to the left of mid-on , and they have to hurry through for the single , with BATTER diving to make his ground
back of a length , angling into the stumps , shuffles across and tucks it away to long leg
flighted ball on middle and off , gets forward to clip it round the corner to deep backward square leg
tossed up full on off stump , driven firmly and mid-off has to move quickly to his left to cut it off
tossed up , landing on a good length outside off , stretches out and pushes gently into the cover point region
in the blockhole close to off stump , opens his bat face and squeezes it out to deep point
back of a length , straightening towards off stump , lets it come on and dabs gently into the square cover region
back of a length in the corridor , lets it come on and dabs gently into the backward point region
back of a length , straightens after angling into the corridor , gets on his toes and pushes gently to the right of extra-cover
back of a length on the pads , clipped into the square leg region
back of a length , angling into a wide-ish channel , reaches out and steers it down to third man
short , slanting away from off stump , pulled along the ground to deep square leg . Got his backlift up nice and high and made sure he was hitting downwards
short , gets up to chest height on off stump , pulled along the ground to deep square leg
back of a length , angling into off stump from wide of the crease , tucked away quietly into the square leg region
back of a length in the corridor , stands tall and punches into the point region
slower ball , dragged from outside off , and gathered at midwicket . BATTER is flinging the bat at everything , and why not
punched off the front foot , down the ground to long-off
banged in short , leaves the periscope up ! And disturbs a flock of pigeons at third man as the sweeper tidies up
on the front foot , thumped down the ground to long-off
picked off the legs , and deep midwicket is nearly in the game ! Plops about ten yards short as BATTER flicks into his stroke . If he 'd hit it harder it was curtains
pressed into the covers off the front foot , finds enough of a gap to pick off the single
flicked to the leg side
back of a length , outside off , hauled into the leg side
tickled off the pads , around the corner for another single
full length , thumped to mid-off , and that 's a good bit of running , hustling through before the shy can come in
dipping on an off-stump line , eased with a full face to mid-on
slow legbreak , back of a length , cut hard to deep point
short ball , pace off , into the hips , pulled on the bounce to backward square
fenced out to the off side , Jacks pounces to gather . He 's on the field for FIELDER , who has a hurty foot
edged , but with no carry , off the splice and half-stopped by the diving slip
shape across the left-hander , on a full length , tucked off the toes to square leg
width , chopped down to third man
slow and loopy , stopping dead on a middle-stump line and block-driven to point
outside off , a thrusting uppercut into the covers , off the back foot
shuffling at the crease , attempting to impart some pace into the cut , but there 's nothing to work with as cover gathers
looped up to the full length , across the left-hander 's bows , nudged to leg
sharp pace into the hip , ca n't work it into the gap
bangs in the short ball , and FIELDER is almost in business at fine leg ! Plugs just short of him
angled bat , fenced outside off stump , down to third man
fenced down to third man
flicked off the legs , through backward square
shaped in on a full length , a slashing hack down to third man , open face through the ball
on the pads , tucked to the on-side
length ball angling into the stumps , good stride forward for a push to the left of mid-on
steps out to a shortish ball on off stump , looks to swat it through mid-on and ends up dragging it to deep square leg off the inside half of the bat
back of a length on middle stump , lets it come on and nudges it into the leg side with a gentle defensive bat . They look for the single immediately , but BATTER has to dive home with BOWLER moving quickly in his follow-through to close down the ball
back of a length , angling into middle and off , clipped away to deep square leg
back of a length , nipping away from off stump , lets it come on and dabs to third man
and that frustration makes BATTER look to manufacture a boundary . Steps out and makes room to try and hit the off-stump ball over the covers . Ends up off-balance , and slices it high towards third man , but it bounces well short of him
shortish on off stump , pulled to deep midwicket
ooh . Not quite full enough to drive though the width was there . Chases after it and gets a thick edge that runs away to third man
back of a length , angling into off stump , lets it come on and pushes to the left of mid-on
full on middle and off , clipped to the left of mid-on
fullish on off stump , good stride forward for a checked push to mid-off , who 's deep enough for the single to be sneaked
back of a length on leg stump , nudged away to the left of mid-on
banged in short , and that 's a sweetly timed cut to deep point . Nailed it to be fair but the sweeper is back
back of a length , more tail into the right-hander , who retreats to leg to dink a cut through point . These are hugely valuable runs
flicked to the on-side , another low full-toss , inswinging into the pads
full again , dug out to the leg side this time . One more to the total
yorker , superb direction , but dug out well to third man
full length , open-faced drive , thick outside-edge to third man . And he 's away
very full , into the legs , tapped past the bowler , and `` yes , Saqqi '' is the call . So they run
back of a length , punched out through point
short , pulled , one-bounce to backward square
bottom-handed thump to the on-side
opens the face for a chop into the covers , playing the legbreak with the spin
twirling onto a good length , solid block to the off side
short , pulled to deep midwicket , good connection once more
cross-seam delivery , back of a length , pulled in a bit of a fluster as the ball grips and gets big off the deck , to backward square
back-foot drill out to deep cover
slower ball , sticks in the pitch as BATTER taps the ball to the off side and hurtles off for the single
wide enough to free the hands , an aggressive swipe , thick-edged on the bounce to third man
firm strike , on the front foot , punched into the covers , and that 's an excellent fifty stand . It 's made the difference between a scramble to 180 all out , and a real shot at a defendable total
tighter line , fuller length , poked to third man . Up 89mph on that occasion
outside off , deflected down to third man , good gap-picking
swishing pull , through backward square
tip and run , a poke to the off-side , and another single to the total
shimmies across the stumps , as BOWLER follows his movement to the off-side , pushed into the covers
nipping back off the pitch , into the thighs and nudged behind square
on the back foot , nudged to the leg side
hops into line to deflect the single to backward square
cracked hard off the back foot , backward point does better this time to cut off the ball
belted off the back foot into the off side , a fumble at point gives away the single
on the back foot , punched into the off side for another single
bottom-handed biff to long-on , tossed up on a good length outside off
another thrashing drive off the front foot , into the covers
shortish , rising over the stumps , hops back and across , rides the bounce , and tucks it away through square leg
back of a length , a bit wider . Punches hard , away from his body , and the ball runs away to third man off the outside half of the bat
shortish in the corridor , rides the bounce and stabs it down to third man
back of a length close to off stump , goes right back and punches into the cover point region
tossed up wide of off , legbreak , gets forward to push to long-off
wrong'un , seems to pick it , goes back and clips to the right of midwicket
back of a length outside off , lets it come on and steers it to third man , past the diving backward point fielder
full on leg stump , clipped to deep square leg
goes back to a flat wrong'un , but does n't commit too early to a shot . Adjusts to the direction of turn and clips to the right of midwicket
loopy full-toss on off stump , whipped to long-on , past the diving short midwicket fielder
back of a length , angling into the pads , clipped to fine leg
full on off stump , clipped to long-on
low full-toss close to off stump , punched to the right of mid-on . Into the pitch and it bounces over the bowler 's head and beyond his reach
full on off stump , clipped down to long-on
back of a length close to off stump , goes back and punches to long-on
back of a length , angling into the stumps from wide of the crease . Steps a long way across his stumps , and has to bring his bat down quickly in front of his pad to clip that wide of mid-on
full outside off , good stride forward for a crisp push to deep point . Nice way to get your first run in ODIs
short , not a lot of width , but BATTER gets right on top of the bounce and slaps it authoritatively to deep point
length ball angling in towards the stumps , straightening just a touch . Driven to long-off
tossed up , slanting away from off stump , clipped with the turn to long-on
flat , on the pads , nudged into the backward square leg region
similar ball , maybe slanted slightly further away from off stump , and BATTER makes a bit of room to punch it to long-off with a straight bat
short , a bit of width , but that 's okay when you have that sweeper at deep cover point to mop up . Slapped away nicely on top of the bounce
down the track , gets to the pitch of this off-stump ball , and drives firmly to wide long-off
back of a length , spinning away from off stump , slapped away to deep cover point
tossed up a little wider , driven in the air , but on the bounce , to long-off , who 's stationed quite wide
tossed up on off stump , steps out and drives to long-off , again with a lot of bottom hand
nicely flighted on off stump , driven with the turn to long-off
slower , closer to off stump , makes some room and lofts on the bounce to long-off
tossed up a bit slower , BATTER drives it down to long-off
back of a length , skidding along close to off stump , makes room and punches to deep point
width again , thumped through point , another single to the cause
eased off the front foot , a measured drive to cover
shaping into a back-foot nudge , down to third man . BATTER and BATTER are level-pegging now
attempted yorker , safely driven off a fat edge down to third man
another rasping cover-drive , kneeling into the wide line , but the sweeper limits the damage
pace off seems to be the ploy now , full length cutter , deflected to third man
slower ball , BATTER waits on the front foot , meeting the better length with a dab to square leg
rolls the fingers on a good-length cutter , angled bat down to third man
full length again , driven under the eyeline into the on-side , a fumble at mid-on but a good early call
nurdled off the legs for another single . This is compelling viewing
angled defence and blocked out to point
thrashed in the air , and dropped at backward point ! Heroic effort from Imam , flinging himself one-handed to his left , but could n't close his fingers around the chance . A mistimed cut , and looped a touch towards the committed fielder
genuine nick as BOWLER digs one into the deck from round the wicket . But it 's another single to third man
back of a length , flicked to the on side , that 's a mighty over for England
open face , fenced past the sprawling backward point , but deep third limits the damage ... at least initially , as his return to Sarfaraz is awful ! Lucky not to concede overthrows there
full length , drilled hard to FIELDER at mid-off , who gathers and lines up the shy , but slips ... he did the hard work there . BATTER would have been struggling !
cut hard to deep point , BOWLER is done . England are in touching me , touching you distance , as Sweet Caroline strikes up again ...
forward and eased to wide long-off
low full toss , a swing through the leg side , close to midwicket but away to the deep
solid contact on the drive into the covers .
jabbed from under the eyes through third man . The rate is down to five an over . Which means England do have time to breathe for the good balls ...
eased into the covers
opens the face for the glide through third man
over the wicket now , BATTER pokes into the covers from a stump-threatening middle-and-leg line
round the wicket again , tapped to the on-side
into the toes on the full length , flicked to deep midwicket
fuller length , chipped in the air , nearly got too much on that as deep midwicket hovers , but gathers on the bounce
right up to the toes , no boundary this time , but England 's requirement is chipped away to 51 from 48 ...
right up to the blockhole , clumped to deep point ... now then , another sixth-ball moment coming up ...
slower ball , back of a length , BATTER is anchored in the crease for this one and times his pull to deep square
right up to the toes , chipped to long-on as BOWLER comes round the wicket to the right-hander
on the back foot , whipped to the on-side , another single as two fielders converge , and nearly make a mess of it
full , straight , tailing towards off , a compact push to cover
bashed on the up , the man is back on the rope at long-off , and picks it up on the bounce
punched to the off side
another sharp single , flicked in front of square on the leg side , and Pakistan 's fielders are set too deep to cut it off
a stride to the pitch , a punch to the off side , and a tight run to mid-off
swished to the leg side , down on one knee , in comes the return over the bails but safely home
flicked to the leg side
a battered drive into the covers . BATTER has his England highest score !
swings into the pull , down to backward square
on the back foot , cracked hard to deep cover
flashed behind square on the pull
back of a length , round the wicket , fenced to the on-side for a scampered single
back foot slap , down to deep backward point , no second run on offer this time
back of a length , and pulled to the leg side
pulled away to fine leg as he keeps the strike , and that 's drinks .
pulled round the corner to fine leg
targets the offstump and squares BATTER up slightly . Thick outside edge
scooped up somewhat uppishly but it 's a comfortable single down to long-on
a bit of air on that and he picks up one
a bit shorter , and pushed past extra once more
eased to midwicket . They were looking for a couple , only for BATTER to lose his footing
eases it to third man after getting what he wanted this over . Sensible batting
a shade shorter , and he 's lucky the smear only finds the man at deep midwicket
prodded to deep cover
driven along the ground
dropped by FIELDER . Looked like he was trying to save a penalty ! a high catch , but certainly catchable , and Imam was so casual with that effort . That 's really poor , that really is
he 's not getting much turn , but as long as they just take singles off him it does n't look like Pakistan mind
driven along the ground
driven down to long-on
a bit of turn , and he 's pushed it to cover
drive through the offside
another single , they 're happy to take these runs for now
driven back down the ground to long-off
eased into the onside
gets his half-century off 45 balls . Second in as many games . He 's pivotal to any hopes of an England chase now
runs it down to long-off
thumped through cover
a bit of flight from BOWLER , pushed into the offside and they take a quick single
eased to fine leg
tucked into the onside and the strike is turned over
cut away in front of square . They thought about two , but decide against it in the face of a charging
pushes it to long-off
eases it to long-on and BATTER 's off and away
guided down to deep extra cover
clipped through midwicket to put BATTER on strike . Right , so Pakistan need two wickets in quick succession , they keep seeming to let p'ships build
eased into the onside
smeared into the onside and he gets off strike again
driven through the offside
gets off strike
blocked back to the bowler
chipped off the legs to deep square leg
chopped out to deep point
back of a length , outside off , BATTER angles his bat on the back foot , and picks off the single to third man
short and wide , but deep point tidies up
blotted on the back foot , inside-edged to backward square
outside off , uppercut to third man , gathered on the bounce
nudged off the pads into the leg side
tight line , whittled off the legs to midwicket

eased off the back foot , into the covers , and another misfield gifts the single ! BATTER wants the second , but BATTER rightly sends him back
open face from BATTER once more , picked off to third man
high hands , open face , deflected down to third man . BATTER hands the strike back to the man of the moment
slower ball from BOWLER . Underedge from BATTER - BATTER ! I had forgotten about him - gets him off strike
sliced over the offside , and he can only get one on that occasion
I think he 's run out ! Cut to backward point and was desperate to get a single and keep the strike . Direct hit from FIELDER seemed to catch him short , but no ! He 's got there . That might be an extra 10-15 runs for Pakistan
timed beautifully but it 's straight to sweeper cover . Even so , here 's BATTER 's 150 , his first in ODI cricket . And he 's closing in on 4,000 runs
wide yorker again , and it 's just a single . Brings 300 up for Pakistan
smacked down to long-on
full delivery , driven to mid-on and BATTER gets back on strike
gets off strike with a push into the offside
turns it round the corner to fine leg
gets one through the offside
gets off strike
gets BATTER on strike
lapped to fine leg
took the pace off , I feel like there have n't been many from England this part of the innings
inside edge onto his calf
flicked to fine leg
swept to fine leg , he was in front of the stumps so had to ensure it did n't miss the bat
slashed to deep point
prodded into the offside
lucky not to see that punished . Dragged down legside . He tried to pierce the gap behind square on the onside
full delivery , clipped off the pads to deep midwicket
single to third man again . That 's been a profitable region for Pakistan to turn over the strike lately
eased to third man and he keeps the strike
eased into the onside
poorly timed smear to the onside . BOWLER still keeping a lid on things somewhat
worked away to the offside as he keeps the strike
eased to the onside
run down to third man again
tucked away to the onside
opens the face and keeps the strike
smeared down to fine leg
fidgety little single towards the onside . Dot balls hard to come by now
feathers it down to third man
keeps the strike and brings up the 200 . He 's three away from yet another ODI hundred now
delicate . Opens the face and runs it to third man
nudges it to fine leg to round out a busy over
cut away to FIELDER , this time to his right . He keeps it to one
eased down to third man
short delivery , guided down to fine leg
opens the face and drops the ball dead . They come through for a single
wide outside off stump , BATTER latches on to it and carves it into the deep , where a fielder sweeps up
eased down to long-on
runs it down to long-on
gets off strike
thick outside edge , short third man cuts it off
wrong'un to start after drinks , defensive shot in response
rolls the wrists on the nurdle to leg , and with FIELDER on the edge of the ring , that 's another easy single
gliding back-foot drive to deep cover , he 's purring now
punched off the front foot into the covers
eased to long-on
on the back foot again , tight lines from Parky , long-on gathers
zips through , just back of a length , cut into the covers off the back foot
short , turning gently , cut hard to deep point
cracked hard on the pull , but hit it too well as deep midwicket barely had to move
faster this time , attacking the top of off , and pressed down the pitch
outside off , tapped down to third man
hustled single into the leg side
on the back foot , pressed to cover
back of a length , tapping with the spin to the off side
worked off the legs for the single
outside off , fenced down to third man
chopped out to the off side
working the singles
eased to mid-on , and cheers from the Pakistan fans ( and polite applause from England 's ) for BATTER 's fifty
nudged to leg with a closed face , FIELDER scampers and back-flicks in a bid to create a run-out
back of a length , cuffed to third man with angled wrists
back of a length , a roll of the wrists on the pull to backward square
drilled hard to cover , `` no , no '' is the call ... until FIELDER dives over it to give away the single
inswinger on a full length , thumped back through the line , in the air but out of BOWLER ' reach
onto the front foot , and punched into cover
flicks the wrist on the legbreak , stops in the deck and worked off the pads
back of a length from round the wicket , tapped to third man . That 's the halfway mark
hauled to square leg , back of a length outside off
steered down through third man , and up comes Imam 's fifty . Keeping up with his career average . Impressive
back of a length , tucked off the pads to the on-side
firmly punched , high elbow and vertical bat , down to long-off
clipped to the on-side again
two steps to the pitch , eased to long-on
flicked to the on-side once more
tickled square , on the front foot once more . A perfectly tidy arrival
lots of air . waits on the front foot with a caress to long-off
advancing to the pitch , flicked to the on-side , and gathered at mid-on
chopped to backward point , no single available there ... definite run-out potential with these two ...
back of a length outside off , clubbed on the drive , meeting the width with an open-faced thump
back of a length , into the hip , tucked to backward square
nudged to the on-side , singles will suffice for now
flicked off the toes , midwicket gathers
wristy , outside off , chopped down through third man
cuffed to the leg side , just back of a length
nudged off the legs to the on-side
nibbled off the toes to backward square
round the wicket , and the new angle lures a false shot from Imam , a tight line into off-stump with a hint of movement taking a thick edge through the largely vacant cordon
too straight to the right-hander , angled into the pads and clipped to midwicket
a touch too much width , rolls the wrists on the back-cut down to deep third man
he 's trying to get on top of these short balls now , Imam . Gets a single , and that 's the cue for drinks
block and run from BATTER , real risk , that . BOWLER got to it with impressive speed and had a shy at the non-striker 's end . If he 'd hit , BATTER would have been out
pulled away but it rushed onto him and he never quite middled that . Just a single , but that 's his 2000th ODI run
clip off the pads to the cow corner fielder , and BATTER keeps the strike
short ball 's hooked away this time to the man at fine leg
nurdled into the onside as Imam keeps the strike
prodded down the ground and Imam scampers down the ground to exchange ends
worked to deep midwicket from BATTER . His first single comes off his 26th delivery
runs off three consecutive deliveries . This time , Imam nudges it into the onside
hallelujah , a single ! Tucked to fine leg and Imam gets BATTER on strike
thick inside edge down to fine leg
angled back in as Imam tried to cut at a ball that was much too close to cut . Inside edge trickles down to fine leg
gets off the mark with one down to fine leg
steps out and defends to get a thick inside edge to square leg
worked against the turn to deep midwicket
rocks back and smears this to deep cover
slower ball , steered down to third man
defended back down the ground as they jog the single
half-pull down to deep midwicket . There was some skid but too short
full and flat on leg stump , nudged into the leg side for an easy single
full toss drifting in , worked down to long-on
punched to sweeper cover
worked away to deep square
length ball on middle and leg , whips this to deep square
paddled , so premeditated that the keeper started to move even before the ball was halfway down the pitch . But still could n't prevent the single
milks this to long-off
once again a premeditated paddle down to fine leg
chips this in the air , but it 's safe . Wide of midwicket . Excellent slower delivery that time
punched down to long-on
not in control of this pull , got it on the top part of the bat . Deep square comes around to cut that off
flighted , outside off , BATTER is across his stumps to punch a drive
bit of turn here , BATTER comes down and the bat skews in the hands , runs through midwicket for one
slightly leg side to the left-hander , who works one away behind square
lobbed up on the stumps , BATTER scoots it down the ground for one
full , 80mph/129kph and sliding leg side , Billing whips it away to the sweeper fine
flat on off , BATTER drops back and drills a single down the ground to long-on

BATTER uses the feet and manipulates this into a gap for one more
drops a little short , BATTER heaves hard at it , picks up a single to deep square leg
banged in short and BATTER pulls away through backward square leg for one
tucked into the leg side , it 's a tight singe but they scurry through
top-edgey from BATTER , short-arm jabbing over gully , lands safely for a single wide of third man
flighted , the bottom hand comes through this time , works one to mid-on and he 's off the mark
tossed up on the stumps and whipped with the spin through midwicket
full and straight , 85mph and worked through midwicket
pushed through a little flatter and BATTER steps out to clip one more to long-on
flighted , on the stumps , BATTER clips through deep midwicket for one more
tossed up , BATTER advances and brings that strong bottom hand through as he whips to long-on
pushed through on the stumps , modicum of turn and BATTER works it away off the back foot
short of a length outside off , BATTER strokes one wide of mid-off to get going
shortish as BATTER steps out , jabs through mid-on for one
tossed up and worked across the line
length , 83mph/134kph and a hint of swing on middle and off , BATTER tucks it around the corner to deep backward square
flat offbreak around off stump , BATTER goes back and punches through mid-on to keep the strike
just skews past FIELDER at cover . Backs away to slash , cramped for room
pulled away nicely to deep square
steered down to third man
slower ball , looking to hoick , gets a thickish inside edge to fine leg
gloves a pull down to where short fine would be
driven nicely to the sweeper , not sure they should 've taken a single there
right back inside the crease as he taps and runs , the point fielder had to run forward quickly , but was beaten by the non-striker
full outside off , driven to sweeper cover
full on the pads , worked to deep square leg
nearly chopped on ! Rolls wide of the leg stump as he tries to dab behind the wicket
squirted wide of point
thick edge that races past short third man for a couple
cut away to deep point
driven with the spin to sweeper cover
misfield at cover , quick single taken . It was parried to mid-off . BATTER gets his half-century on debut . Composed , little knock this
fired full from around the stumps , bunted wide of cover
worked wide of midwicket , risky , risky single
driven to deep cover as they walk the single
short of length angling into middle , tucked off his hip to long leg
slower and fuller , driven to sweeper cover
pushed through , BATTER stabs one more through the covers
flat outside off and BATTER cuts for one
more short stuff , 88mph/141kph but does n't get up that much as BATTER pulls confidently to long leg
banged in , 87mph and BATTER rolls his wrists on a pull through backward square
flat offbreak wide of the stumps , BATTER swats it away square for one more
tossed up and whipped away through midwicket
drifting leg side , worked off the pads behind square for a single
round the wicket , tossed up and driven down the ground to long-off
back of a length , 86mph/138kph and BATTER hops back to pull a single through square leg
short of a length in the channel , BATTER waits on it and guides one down to third man
short and wide , 85mph and slapped out towards the cover sweeper for one
flat outside off and clipped through backward point
quick and flat on off stump , BATTER continues to nudge and nurdle , one through point

angled on the stumps from round the wicket , length ball punched into the covers - that 's the Ireland 100 up
`` bowler 's end , bowler 's end ! '' Stop-start running as BATTER dabs towards point ... but he makes it home
comes across and steers this into a gap
pushed through on the stumps , flicked through backward square leg
full toss , clipped towards mid-on , this could be tight again ... FIELDER with the throw at the non-striker 's end , but misses
nudged to leg , BATTER wants one and BATTER has to hurry with BOWLER haring after it ... but the throw is a bit of a limp one and he dives to make his ground as FIELDER collects and breaks the stumps
clipped down the ground to long-off
flat outside off and BATTER rocks back , chops one through cover point
darted full outside off and punched to extra cover , a misfield brings them one
floated up nice and slow , this is driven along the carpet wide of mid-off , FIELDER has to dive to cut it off and they pinch one
flat on a length outside off and BATTER steers square for one more
round the wicket , BATTER is back and swings a forceful cut away for one
comes across and pushes this into a gap
flatter , played square off the back foot for a single through point
floated up , worked with the spin into the leg side
round the wicket , BATTER drops back and swats another single square on the off side
spin from a length , comes back at BATTER as he attempts to make room , chops through point
flatter , outside off and BATTER stabs into a gap in the covers for one
flat on the stumps and nurdled for one more leg side , brings up the 50 stand between these two
over the wicket , slightly short and tucked off the hip behind square
back of a length , 79mph/127kph and BATTER runs this through gully for another single
back of a length on the stumps and BATTER whips a pull behind square this time
short and flipped around the corner
BATTER uses the feet and nudges into a gap into the off side
tossed up and punched down the ground through mid-off
shortish length and nudged off ht hip through backward square leg
presses forward and steers this past extra cover for a single
pushed through flatter and nudged off the pads through square leg
width outside off , steered wide of point .
edged , down to third man . Played inside the line this time
hops back and tucks this to deep square leg as they jog the single
worked off his hip , both feet in the air , behind square
length on middle , turned to square leg
tucked off his hip to long leg
tucked away to deep square
gentle dab into the off side as he sprints across for a quick single
pushed back past the bowler for a quick single
tucked away round the corner to deep square
top-edged , but safe . No one at square leg saves KOB . He was surprised by the skid on the delivery
squirted off a thick outside edge to third man
pulled but not in control , rolls wide of midwicket
helped along to fine leg
steered down to square third man to get off the mark
turned off his pads to fine leg
short ball , rocks back and pulls fiercely but the man at deep square leg cuts it off
steered through backward point
shorter and smacked to square leg
length on leg stump , bit of swing for BOWLER . Clipped through square
back of a length outside off , he stays back and punches through extra cover
glides this to third man
slightly short and he 's quickly on to the back foot to pull to deep square leg
goes right back and punches down the ground to long-on
drags it down short and BATTER opens his stance wide to slap this hard , but straight to deep square leg
goes back and plays this off his pads through square leg
down the track , gets to the pitch and drives along the ground to long-on
shimmies down the track and taps it to short fine leg 's left . Bit of a mix up in running but eventually they make it safely
length on the pads , flicked to backward square leg
length ball , goes back and whips this behind square
tossed up fuller on the stumps , gently clipped straight down the ground
length ball angling into him , uses the angle to tap it to square leg
length on the pads , flicked to fine leg 's left
straying on the pads and is wristily worked to deep square leg
fuller on off , pushed between cover and point
short outside off , rides the bounce to steer it to third man
back of a length on the stumps , tucked into midwicket for a single
length outside off , steered to third man
fine leg runs to his left quickly to slide and stop , after BATTER pulls this back of length ball fine . Got the radar wrong , BOWLER and was too legside
banged in short , BATTER gets on top of the bounce and pulls to the leg side
a roundhouse pull , timed almost too well to the man at backward square leg
short , pulled to the leg side , another successful over from an England team in a hurry
battered straight once more , not timed on this occasion , but could the intent be any clearer ?
clipped to square leg , BATTER on the charge once again
on the legs , clipped to backward square
a fraction shorter , and an eager pull to deep midwicket
advancing to the pitch once more , a tap to the leg side and they gallop for a quick single
full length , wide line , BATTER loiters on the back foot , and clubs a drive to long-on
back onto the timbers , French-cricket flick to midwicket
back of a length , BATTER pumps a drive on the up to wide long-on
whipped off the back foot , an off-stump line , to mid-on
dragged out of the crease , not quite to the pitch this time , so dabs the single to the leg side . Clever batting
tucked off the legs , down to backward square
much fuller , BATTER 's waiting for that one , tapping the single to the leg side
short-arm pull , out to deep square leg , that 's a better over from England 's point of view . Just the 200 to get now ...
slower ball yorker , too early into the shot and it balloons up in the air . FIELDER sprints in from mid-off and puts in a dive . Again a fielder gets hands on the ball only for it to pop out . Will go down as a drop even though he did really well to get to it in the first place
dropped by FIELDER running to his left . Dug in a short ball to the tailender , who went for the pull and got a top edge . Went high up and towards square leg , FIELDER ran and got his gloves to it but could n't hold on
going down the track and giving himself room , BOWLER follows him . Tucks it away through midwicket off his pads
bluff from the bowler with that field placing with an attempted wide yorker . A bit too full and he lashes it hard , but mid-off does well to tumble to his left and field
gives himself room and square drives this full one outside off to deep cover
back of a length outside off , fetches a pull through midwicket . That 's also the fifty run partnership and it 's come in just 35 balls .
length straying on the pads , glanced to fine leg . Also raises 200 for Ireland .
full outside off and he absolutely lays into that drive but straight to extra cover
stays still this time and steers this length ball to third man
moves across and mows a drive to deep point this time
length on middle and leg , whipped to deep square
length ball on the stumps , flicked off his hips to fine leg
inside edge goes past the stumps . Slower ball and he was too early into his drive , but is fortunate that the ball misses the stumps and goes to fine leg
fuller on the stumps , maybe he was hoping to catch him hanging on the back foot , but he comes half forward and flicks to fine leg
strays on the pads and is turned to deep square leg
length outside off , cuts it hard to deep point
angling into him , he moves across and clips to fine leg
another ramp shot but by BATTER this time . Short ball outside off and the Irish are quite adept at upper-cutting those . Bounces down to third man
full on off , nicely flicked to deep midwicket
length on the stumps , steered to short third man for a quick single
good length on the fourth stump , nicely cut to third man 's right from close to his body
full on the stumps , flicked to midwicket and they take the quick single but BATTER has to dive to make his crease . If FIELDER at mid-on had hit direct , the batsman was a goner
back of a length on leg stump , hops and pats it down towards midwicket
length on the stumps , paddle pulls this backward of square
crisp looking drive but mid-off is able to cut it off to his left
on the stumps , turns this square
back of a length outside off , takes the shoulder of the bat to third man
manages to push this between the bowler and mid-on to get that elusive single
fuller , driven gently to long-on
stays beside the ball and pushes it through point
short ball again , but he has enough time to rock back and pull through midwicket . Not very well timed though
crunched off the back foot to deep point .
stays back and cuts this from outside off to deep point
tossed up fuller , takes it almost on the full and drives to long-on
length on off , goes back and pushes this to long-on
back of a length outside off , nipping in a touch , punched through cover
digs it in short but does n't rise threateningly enough and BATTER is able to get on the back foot and tap it behind square
chopped out to point off the back foot to complete BOWLER 's day
tucked off the hip , more compact strike rotation as Ireland continue their rebuild mission
on the back foot , pumped to extra cover
skidding onto a back-foot push to long-on
leaning down the pitch to defend
more bottom hand to the fore , flick-driven to long-on
flogged hard across the line , a slight misfield at midwicket gifts the single
back of a length , straight enough , nurdled to long-on to keep the strike
eased to mid-on
bouncer from BOWLER ! Or at least an energetic half-tracker ! A fair enough delivery in the circumstances , flogged to cover
back-cut to deep point , a touch of width on offer
tucked to the on-side
played off the pitch out to the off side
outside-edged drive down to third man
pressed into the covers
speared down the leg side , fenced to square leg for another single
outside off , tapped to third man with an open face
tight line and a very full length , short midwicket gathers
cracked hard past a diving FIELDER in the covers , ca n't claw it in as they snaffle the single
nurdled to the on-side , another sharp single to the cause
open face once more , steered out to backward point
patted out to the off side , head over the ball
another googly , dragged from outside off with a full arc of the bat , to mid-on
zipped through a touch sharper , on a leg stump line , flinched to the on-side
fenced down to third man once more , an open face to steer the wider line
slower ball , outside off , jabbed down into the gully but a poor throw means the run is safe enough
short , urgently pulled around the corner , but straight to FIELDER on the backward square rope
patted into the covers and they jog through the single
fuller , driven to deep cover
fuller , tapped to mid-on 's left and another quick single . Direct hit from the fielder but KOB was in
taps this to mid-on and they take a quick single
fuller , clipped to square leg
fuller , clipped to long-on
sweeps it fine , full enough to do it and not wide enough outside off . Nicely executed
goes back and across and flicks this off his pads to deep midwicket
back of a length , nice carry from BOWLER , gets up to rib height . But easily enough negotiated to third man
length more outside off , steered towards point
good length , comes on the front foot and taps a drive between cover and a wide mid-off
full on the stumps , driven very straight again , mid-on has to run around to his left to collect it
finally gets one into the gap . Nice confident stride to drive between cover and extra cover .
fuller outside off , he was already moving forward and gets to the pitch of the ball to tap it softly into the covers and get a quick single
fuller on off , taps it gently on the front foot to mid-off . Hit softly enough to steal a single and more importantly , the batsmen were alive to the possibility of a single and ran through quickly
this time the line is more leg stump so he 's able to go back and tap it through square
length on middle and leg , pushed through midwicket
back of a length outside off , punched through mid-off to get off the mark
length on leg stump , tucked to midwicket
this time he opens the face of the bat rather more to beat point to his left , carving the ball to third man
good length on the stumps , nudged through square leg and he 's off the mark
short again , KOB swats it through backward square leg , and Ireland have done it ! A famous win , by seven wickets - and they 're on the World Cup Super League points table , too !
full toss , 88mph and carted leg side , could have gone anywhere but finds deep square leg for a single
full outside off , KOB calmly punches through the covers for one
back of a length outside off , BATTER slashes at it , squirts away behind point , FIELDER dives to cut it off and prevent four more !
pitched up on off stump , swiped down the ground to long-on
low full toss to finish , slapped through the covers for one more
wide yorker , 82mph and BATTER can only squeeze it towards point off the toe of the bat
dropped ! Slower ball , mishit down the ground ... FIELDER ca n't hold it ! Not sure he even got his hands to it in the end , sprawling forward as he ran in from long-on
width , length ball carved up and over point , bounces in front of the man coming in
back of a length outside off , comes off the toe as he swings from the hip
very full , tailing away outside off , swiped through the covers ... just a single to the sweeper
83mph/134kph yorker outside off , KOB chops down on it ,
fullish on off , bowling over the wicket , driven down the ground
tucked off the pads to square leg
another low full toss outside off , 89mph/143kph and BATTER slugs it to extra cover , they scurry through as the throw comes in
full in the blockhole at 90mph/145kph , ca n't do much with that , dug out towards long-on
comes across and prods this into a gap in the covers
tossed up and BATTER drops it into a gap in the covers for one more
full on the stumps , nudged off the pads leg side
pitched up on the stumps and BATTER shovels it away leg side
comes across and punches one through the off side
slower ball , bunted down the ground to long-off
length outside off , carved up and over point for one
flighted , on the stumps , works a sweep for one to short fine leg
slower ball , wide line , BATTER has to reach for it to cut to deep point . Five off the over
muscled down the ground , with the field set back . Runs to be milked here
clipped to the on-side , and up comes the 200 partnership . Impressive !
bashed into the covers , excellent alert running as the ball scuttles to the fielder
tapped to the leg side , a scampered single , that 's nine off the over and Ireland are steady as she goes !
good delivery , right up to the toes on a leg-stump line , thuds the pad and deflects to gully
drawn forward and steered away
open face on the fuller length , tucked into the off side
straighter line , met with an open face with a nudge to third man
panned into the covers , air outside off stump
tucked off the legs to midwicket for another single
dragged down , but gets away with it ! A gleeful pull round the corner but straight to backward square
leaning onto the front foot , nudged back down the track
sweetly shaped outswinger on a full length , but picked from the hand and guided into the covers
shaping away on a fuller length , a steer to third man to keep the strike rotating
googly from back of a length , nurdled on the on-side for another single
back of a length , flatter trajectory , hopping towards the pads and nudged square
that one had more air , looping up outside off stump , and flicked wristily to the on-side
looped into the blockhole , a bottom-handed push to midwicket for another single
leg-sided opening gambit , bites a bit off the deck as BATTER opts for the straight-batted prod
flashed to backward point , BATTER keeps the strike and marches on
galloping to the pitch of the ball , a firm-forearmed flog into the covers
short ball , pulled behind square and he keeps strike
driven away with a follow through to deep cover for one
worked away to fine leg off the hips for one
touch wider and driven wide of cover this time for one
persists outside off and BATTER taps to third man for a single
stays deep in the crease and taps this short of length ball towards eep square leg
nicely driven just wide of extra cover for one
outside off , he taps it towards backward point
better delivery , towards off stump and BATTER works it towards backward point for one
innocuous full toss on the pads , flicked away easily and that 's a fantastic hundred from BATTER , off 96 balls and his first against England !
outside off with some room , driven nicely into the covers
angling in again , helped to deep square leg for one . On 99 now
angles the ball towards the legs , worked away to fine leg for one
outside off again on length , pushed into the covers for one . He keeps strike
dropped by FIELDER at midwicket ! Very tough chance , no doubt about that , after Stilring smacked the short delivery , FIELDER leapt to his right and got hands to it but could n't hold on to it
much fuller on leg and he flicks it to deep midwicket for one
short one with some room , he wants to cut but only gets an inside edge , nearly chopping on , and gets one to leg
flighted and pitched up around off , nudges it past extra cover for one
angling towards leg , worked away past midwicket for one
even slower than BOWLER 's usual around off , worked down towards mid-on for one
bit of room outside off and he scythes it away , point gets a hand to it but they manage one
short ball angling in , pulled away behind square for one
much fuller and he drives it down with a straight bat for one
google outside off , BATTER cuts and gets one past point
pushes this one down the ground for one
works the ball with the turn to leg for one , keeps strike
nudges the length ball to off for a single
flatter and quicker on the stumps , hurries BATTER into a shot and he just manages an inside edge to the leg side
flighted outside off , driven away nicely with the turn into the covers
lobbed up on middle and off , BATTER sweeps to deep midwicket
floated up on off , Balbo punches through mid-on
full and flighted , nudged off the pads
flighted , spinning away as BATTER goes back and cuts in front of square
lobbed up and nudged through mid-on for one more
shuffles across and works with the spin for one more , raises his half-century - nicely played , and a vital knock from Ireland 's vice-captain
floated up full and driven down the ground to long-on
lobbed up and worked into the leg side , one away from fifty now
pace off again and BATTER connects with a cut , half-stopped by the diving FIELDER at backward point
slower ball , worked to leg for one more
back of a length , 79mph/127kph and nudged through square on the leg side
short , bit of width and sliced through backward point to the boundary rider
lobbed up on the stumps and worked through the leg side for one more
tossed up and worked back through mid-on
pushed through , BATTER clips down the ground
tossed up and nudged away leg side
slower ball , dipping in the channel as BATTER steps across and punches one more in front of square
shuffles into line and stabs a single through the covers
back of a length outside off , tapped down towards point
full on the stumps , another slowie and BATTER nudges it off his pads to deep square leg
starts with a slower ball and BATTER works it to leg for a single
slower ball , nurdled off the hip behind square , that 's the Ireland 50 up
shortish outside off , BATTER jabs it down behind square for another single
on the stumps and BATTER tucks this down into a gap leg side
length ball , 86mph/138kph , tip and run towards mid-off ... BATTER just doing his bit here , turning the strike over
length ball on the pads and steered through backward square
in the channel , BATTER punches at it and thick-edges to third man , in the air but safely behind gully . BATTER settled and throwing some punches now
back of a length , 88mph and carved to third man for a single
fuller , tries to hit through the line , mistimed towards mid-on
on the stumps , not much swing for BOWLER so far , nudged into a gap at midwicket
fired in straight and BATTER thick-edges past the sprawling YJB for a single
short ball , 84mph/135kph and pulled without timing through square leg
length ball stabbed towards point
short and pulled , gets it up and over midwicket ... only just clears the man running back
similar line , this time BATTER manages to guide one behind square towards third man
touch short and steered down square on the off side for a single
outside off , lack of pace , he waits and taps it to third man for one
falls just short of mid-on ! Pulled the short ball , it was probably too quick this time , and he pulled but a bit late and survived
short ball pulled away powerfully but they get only one
short ball for BATTER too , he waits and hooks the slower one to fine leg
short one towards leg now and he pulls to leg for one
slower one at 107kmh to end the over , BATTER waits and then deflects it to third man . Keeps strike too
thick outside edge as BATTER tries to flick it to leg , the full delivery goes to off
a bit short and he pulls to deep square leg
nudges this one towards point for a quick one
another slower one to end the over , outside off , and it 's punched to deep cover
well outside off and he taps it late to third man
stays back and slaps this one to long-on
a full delivery on middle and leg , pushed down to long-on
almost in the block hole , he scoops it out to deep cover
makes room for this outside off and throws his bat at it while losing a bit of balance , gets one past point
goes back for the shorter delivery and works it to leg
they steal a quick single as BATTER pokes this towards point and it 's a quick pick up and throw but BATTER made it . No direct hit though
comes down the ground , he flights it outside off , BATTER manages to push it down to long on
angling into leg stump , nudged to deep midwicket for one more
turning in a bit from outside off , punched to deep cover
towards leg and worked away to deep square leg easily for one
slow bouncer to end the over , he swats it down into the ground and they consider a second but settle for one
length ball on the stumps , BATTER drives it down to long-on with a thick inside edge
short one outside leg and he hooks to long leg
goes back to let it turn and nudges into off for one
outside off with a hint of turn and BATTER slices it to off
bit short around off , BATTER punches it down to long-off
shouts of `` catch '' as BATTER pulls the short ball but it lands fall of fine leg , just by a bounce though . Nice bouncer by
comes down for the slower delivery at 104kmh , it 's down leg and he manages some bat for one fine on the leg side
goes deep in the crease and steers this one on off too , in the deep
better delivery , nice and slow around off , BATTER rocks back and guides to deep point
touch short of length outside off , and it allows BATTER to go back and cut to deep point
even shorter now and BATTER hooks it to long leg for one
leans forward this time to nudge it towards point for a quick single
quicker one on middle and leg , he goes back and dabs to deep midwicket
too short and quick , he opens up on the back foot and pulls it square for one
lobbed up and tickled through mid-on for one more
touch short as he angles it across , cut off the back foot through point
flat lebgreak , not much turn and whipped away from leg stump
tight run , dabbed into the off side , BATTER wants to get off the mark ... and BATTER would have been short with a better throw ! Instead it was high and to the left of FIELDER , a difficult take as the non-striker ran his bat in
dragged down , BATTER jumps back outside leg stump and slams it to deep backward square
82mph/132kph , full and whipped to KOB at deep midwicket
full , shaping in as BATTER falls to the off side , squeezed out through backward square
dug in again and BATTER pelts one more to deep square leg
stays back and swipes one through the covers
looped on the stumps , BATTER is forward and dabs into the covers , hurries through as the throw comes in
whipped through the leg side playing back
rolled out on off stump and BATTER stays back , pats it square
shortish on the body , slower ball and it 's bottom-handed behind square to the man in the deep
gets forward , worked neatly into a gap leg side ... Maiden international fifty for BATTER , who 's shown up well after coming in at a testing time
pitched up , 83mph/134kph and driven with an open face , just one wide of third man
in the channel , BATTER helps himself to one through cover point
back of a length outside off , steered through the covers
angled in on the pads and BATTER deflects it fine
short ball , 82mph/132kph and flipped off the hip to deep backward square leg
flatter trajectory and BATTER swats a pull to deep midwicket
pokes this into a gap for one
fullish and pinged through the covers , they think better of coming back for two on the throw
angling in from over the wicket , BATTER works it through leg
full on the stumps and turned off the pads through the leg side
pushes half-forward , the ball deflects into the leg side and BATTER loses his bearings , but BATTER loudly calls him through
dobbed on middle and leg , goes back and flicks through square for one
lobbed up from over the wicket and tickled down the ground
on middle and leg and he works it away behind square for one
short ball , he upper cuts it and gets a single to third man . That 's his fifty , off just 39 balls
on off and punched down the ground for a single before mid off gets there
short and pulled just wide of the square leg umpire for one
angling in and BATTER nudges to midwicket for one
angling into BATTER from off and middle , tucked to leg and he keeps strike
in the air and it lands safely ! Short of length ad he chips it high down the ground , mid-on is in the chase but it clears him easily
short ball for BATTER too , from BOWLER , and he hooks it towards fine leg
tucks this one off the pads past midwicket and they settle for one
thick edge runs down to third man as BATTER drives away from the body
on middle and leg and he tucks it behind square for one
on middle and leg and worked away to fine leg
short and wide , crunched on the off side and a misfield at extra cover , but it does save three
punches off the back foot towards off but gets an inside edge to leg for a single
off the mark for him too . Short of length and he tucks it easily to fine leg as well
on the pads and BATTER flicks it away to fine leg for first runs
good length , on middle , and pulled to the leg side
good length , on middle , and thumped to wide long on
good length , on middle , and pulled to wide long on
Keeps the strike , and that means England need 28 off six balls off the part timer . BOWLER super expensive tonight . Yorker length outside off , and tapped to midwicket
low full toss , on off , and clubbed to cover .
yorker length , on leg , and dug away back to the bowler . They scamper across for the single , with BOWLER trying to effect a run out at the batsman 's end but the throw was poor
knee-high full toss , and clubbed to long on
low full toss , angling into leg stump . Cramped for space , and he swipes this down to long on
full toss , on off . Backs away to crunch a shot to mid off
full on off , and he backs away before hammering a drive to cover
that would 've hurt BOWLER as BATTER smacks this yorker length ball back to the bowler . Hits his foot before rolling away to mid off
gives the strike to BATTER . Full toss outside off , and caressed to cover
back of a length , just outside off , and tapped to cover for a quick single
another yorker length ball on middle , and shoveled to mid off . This time they scamper across for the single
full outside off , and tonked to deep midwicket . Goes to him on the bounce
BATTER survives the ball off his opposite number . But barely just . Full on off , and a leading edge takes the ball over BOWLER 's head
full on leg stump , adjusting his line knowing BATTER will attempt the reverse sweep . Finds deep point this time
full on middle and leg , and he reverse sweeps at deep point . Nearly fell over losing balance while playing that
full outside off , and he lifts this over cover for a single
BOWLER 's missed that ! Yorker on middle , that lands up near the stumps at the batsman 's end . They scurry for a single and BOWLER tries to boot the ball onto the stumps but he misses ! Shades of Diana Ross at the 1994 Football World Cup opening ceremony
tosses it up , on leg , and nudges it to square leg
fullish , just outside off and turning away . Cut to deep point but just a single this time
good length , just outside off , and he runs it down to point
good length , on off . Punched to cover for a quick single
full on leg , and he comes down the wicket to find the gap in front of deep midwicket for a single
full on middle , and flicked to deep midwicket
length ball outside leg , and he comes down the wicket to hammer a shot to midwicket
full , outside off , and the straight drive is spliced to wide mid on
good length , on off , and he opens the bat 's face to run it down to third man
full on off , and he slices this over cover , but lands safe
good length , angling in , and worked to square leg
good length , on off , and punched to extra cover
good length , on off , and tapped to extra cover
back of a length , on middle , and gloved off his waist to the leg side to get to his fifty
good length , on leg , and nudged off his pads to the leg side
good length on middle , and worked with the turn to square leg . Keeps the strike
good length , on off , and he nearly chops this onto his stumps . Hits FIELDER 's pads instead
overpitched on off , and struck to long off
full on off , and worked to mid on
half-tracker on middle , and pulled to deep midwicket . One bounce to
full on leg , and he clears his front let to tonk a shot to long on
overpitched , almost a yorker , and shoveled to extra cover
back of a length , on middle , and worked away to square leg off his hips
good length , just outside off , and he plays the late cut to third man
flicked off the hip down towards fine leg for one
harmless length ball outside off , guided down to third man to keep England ticking over
clipped off the pads out to deep square
opens the face , steering past the diving FIELDER at backward point
clipped out to midwicket for one
speared in on a length , clipped out to square leg
length outside leg stump , clipped out to deep backward square
angled across BATTER with a round-arm action , and they sneak a single to short third man as he guides it down with an open face
pushed feebly into the leg side with the bottom hand off the bat . Fairly uppish , but lands in no-man's-land and they take one
leg theory from BOWLER , clipped to fine leg 's left hand in the ring for one more
length on fifth stump , jammed behind square on the off side for a scampered single
length on off stump , pushed out to mid-on
drops short , but gets away with it , and BATTER pulls out to deep square
length on the pads , clipped out to FIELDER for another
nudged to mid-on
length ball on off stump , clipped out to deep midwicket
guided down to third man to get off strike - a relief after struggling against BOWLER in his first over
legbreak this time , and BATTER gets down to sweep out to deep square
low full toss , BATTER premeditates and sweeps daintily out to deep backward square leg
pushed wider of the off stump , and guided down to third man for one
length on off stump , BATTER shuffles across and works to midwicket
banged in on a length at 85mph/137kph , and nudged to square leg for a sharp single . FIELDER throws at the bowler 's end , but BATTER is lightning-quick between the wickets
skips down the pitch , and BOWLER drops his length back . BATTER nudges out to mid-off for one
reverse-swept , no timing whatsoever but steals a single towards gully
length ball , fraction of width outside the off stump and BATTER hits the sweeper on the cover boundary to keep the strike
quicker ball , back of a length , outside off , and he cuts this to deep point
good length , outside off , and guided to third man once again
good length , outside off , and he opens the bat 's face to run it down to third man
good length , outside off , and cut to FIELDER at point . Enough time to scurry across for a single though
length ball on leg stump , and nudged off his hips to square leg
good length , on off , and defended with soft hands to mid on . They scamper across for a quick run
back of a length on middle , and he tries to pull , and it hits his waist before popping up in the air
back of a length , outside off , and pulled along the ground to deep midwicket
good length , on off , and he waits to play the late cut . Protection in the deep though
good length , outside off , and fended off the back foot with the bat 's open face to point
full on off , and defended towards cover . Just checked his drive there
good length , on middle , and tapped gently to the off side to get off the mark . Shy at the stumps from FIELDER , but it goes over the stumps
good length , on middle , and pulled along the ground to deep backward square leg
good length , outside off , and punched to the left of cover , and that brings BATTER back on strike
good length on off , and punched to FIELDER at cover , who gets a direct hit at the keeper 's end but they 're safe . No runs off the overthrows either
first runs off the bat as BATTER punches this length ball into the gap between cover and mid off
slower ball , back of a length , and carved out to extra cover . FIELDER throws at the stumps , and the ball thumps BOWLER on the wrist as he tries to whip the bails off ! BATTER survives
jams in a yorker on fifth stump , which BATTER squeezes out for a single towards point
banged in on a length , BATTER punches out to FIELDER at short extra cover and sneaks through for a single
speared in full and straight , BATTER gives himself room and nudges to mid-off , setting off immediately for the single . FIELDER throws towards the keeper 's end , just over BOWLER 's head , but BATTER is safely home
full outside off , fenced out to deep cover
short ball , BATTER fends at it awkwardly and it loops up behind square on the off side but lands safely
spears in a yorker at the toes , 93mph/150kph , clipped towards wide mid-on
clipped down to long leg for a single
full and wide , carved down to third man
short ball , looked like it stuck in the hand somewhat as BOWLER attempted a change-up , and BATTER pulls down to fine leg
slower ball , back of a length , and pulled away for one more
short outside off , BATTER heaves it up towards the edge of the ring on the legside and FIELDER is racing in from the midwicket boundary ... but ca n't hang on ! 86mph/140kph bumper , FIELDER got there , diving forwards , but could n't cling on as it popped out of the hands
short ball , pulled out to deep square for one
slightly back of a length at 87mph/141kph , and BATTER heaves out to deep square to keep the strike
slower ball , jammed in outside off , and BATTER slugs legside out to FIELDER at deep midwicket . He crunched this , but straight to the fielder on the rope
back of a length , guided out to cover to get off strike
short ball , BATTER sways inside the line and awkwardly upper-cut down to third man
backs away to leg again , and BOWLER follows him with a low full toss , which is clipped out to long-on for a single
heaved out to FIELDER on the rope at deep midwicket , only a single
full toss down the leg side , but BATTER misses out , just clipped towards midwicket . Attempted slower ball which went horribly wrong , but BATTER almost seemed surprised to receive such a pie , and only managed to nudge into the leg side
speared in on the pads , clipped out to deep square
length on fifth stump , swatted out to deep midwicket with a short-arm pull
nope , not today . Full on the stumps , and pushed down to long-on
legbreak outside off , punched out to point
tossed up outside off , BATTER slashes over the ring but his timing is awry , and FIELDER fields on the bounce
big legbreak on a length , fenced out to deep cover . `` No mate ! '' yells BATTER , with BATTER considering a second
back of a length , steered out to midwicket but FIELDER races in from the boundary to cut off the second run
yorker , nudged to FIELDER at mid-on who hurls at the stumps , despite the fact BATTER is clearly in . Backed up without any problems , but that earns him a quizzical look from BOWLER !
offcutter , slightly back of a length , nudged out to deep midwicket by
worked towards FIELDER at mid-on again , fields it well this time
opens the face , guiding the ball out towards deep cover
carved away behind square on the off side for one
full on fifth stump , slashed out to deep cover to bring up BATTER 's fifty . Great knock so far , timing the ball nicely and opening up all sorts of hitting zones with this new stance
drag-down , but he escapes with a single , as BATTER pulls straight to long leg
slower ball again , fenced out to deep cover to keep hold of the strike
length on fifth stump , BATTER jumps to fence out into the covers
length on the hip , clipped to FIELDER at short midwicket . He misfields , but there 's no second run
full outside off , driven down to long-off to bring up 50 .
slashed away for a single into the off side
low full toss , clipped to mid-on
flat offbreak on middle stump , clipped out to deep backward square
length on the pads , clipped out towards deep square . FIELDER flies round from fine leg to stop the second run
fullish on off stump , clipped to long-on
length on the pads , clipped out to deep square
shorter outside off , and BATTER pulls in front of square . Through the shot slightly earlier , and only one run to the sweeper
banged in on a length , steered behind square on the off side . `` Noooo ... yep , '' cries BATTER as it just about evades the dive of backward point . He thinks about two , then barks : `` Not now ! ''
length ball , punched out to long-on off the back foot
nudged out towards midwicket to keep Australia ticking over
clipped behind square on the leg side for one
fullish , on off , and driven towards cover for a quick single . Drinks too
back of a length , outside off . Rising delivery , and smartly punched after riding the bounce . Protection at extra cover though
back of a length , on off , and uncomfortably hit towards the leg side for a scampered run
full on off , and this time the drive is hammered to long on
overpitched on middle , and he tonks a drive to long off , where there 's protection
overpitched on off , a bit of drift into him . Toe-ends a drive to the off side
full , just outside off , and crunched off the front foot to extra cover
pulls the half tracker along the ground to deep midwicket
quicker ball , length ball , and worked to the leg side
full on off , and punched off the back foot to long on
good length , on middle . Turned off his hips to square leg
short , wide , turning away . Cut with disdain , but finds the sweeper on the off side
length ball , on leg stump , and worked to FIELDER at deep midwicket
good length , outside off , and cut with the turn to the deep
good length , on leg , and nudged behind square to the sweeper-fielder on the leg side
length ball , on middle , and punched off the back foot to mid on
good length , outside off , and he hammers a cut to the fielder at the deep
good length , on middle , and he rocks back to work it away - off his hips - to deep midwicket
full outside off , and defended with the turn to cover
length ball on middle , and angling into his pads . Flicked to square leg , where there 's a fielder
good length , outside off , and cut off the back foot . Finds deep point
good length , outside off and turning further away . BATTER walks across the stumps and cuts in front of square
good length , on off . Turning away , and pushed off the back foot to point
slower ball that does not come out right . Ends up as a dipping full toss , and driven to cover . Decent ball to be fair because BATTER was quite surprised
good length , on off , and flicked off his hips to square leg
good length , on middle , and paddled to deep backward square leg
full on off , from around the wicket , and nudged away to midwicket off his toes

full on middle , and flicked off his toes to deep midwicket
tossed up on middle , and an expansive cover drive is edged to third man instead . Shouts of catch it again
good length , outside off . Ball holds up a bit as BATTER tries to punch through cover . Inside edged to midwicket instead
top edged and shouts of catch it as he sweeps this full ball . Nobody there at square leg though
another short ball , and the googly is pulled along the ground to FIELDER at deep backward square leg
full on off , and pushed to long off for a jogging single
good length , on off , and turning in . Flicked off his hips to deep midwicket
good length , on middle , and paddled to short fine leg .
full outside off , and the googly is driven to extra cover . Off the bat 's middle
full on middle , and he clears the front leg to drive to long on
overpitched , just outside off , and swept to deep midwicket
good length , on middle . Paddled behind square
good length , outside off , and enough time for him to go deep in his crease before punching to long off
fullish , on off , and tapped off the back foot to cover . Hurries him onto the back foot
back of a length to BATTER , angling into his body , and guided to fine leg
goes short , but BATTER swivels in a flash and pummels a pull past the square-leg umpire , who himself shows some good footwork to avoid getting hit
banged in on a length at 87mph/140kph , inside edged into the leg side for a scuttled single
full on the stumps , slashed out to deep cover via a leading edge . Looked as though BATTER was trying to thump this over mid-off !
no real turn , BATTER clips off the pads out to deep backward square
tossed up wide of the off stump , and guided out to mid-off
slightly full of a length on fourth stump , nudged out to mid-on . 92mph/148kph
BOWLER bangs this in at 91mph/147kph on a length , BATTER clips behind square on the leg side , possibly with a hint of inside edge
clipped out to deep square off the pads
slower ball on leg stump , clipped behind square for a single
short ball , BATTER jumps to defend towards midwicket from very deep in the crease and steals a single . BOWLER fields in his follow-through and hurls towards the stumps at the bowler 's end , but misses ! BATTER might have been safe , even with a direct hit
length ball , BATTER is through the shot early and chips it up towards midwicket . They squeeze through for a sharp single , as it lands safely
hard length in the off-stump channel , inside-edged into the pad and it dribbles towards extra cover . Sharp single - good running , again
length on fourth stump , seems to hold in the pitch as BATTER steers down to third man
presses out to short extra cover for a sharp single
slightly full of a length on the pads , clipped down to long leg
clipped down to long leg off the hip
length on off stump , pushed out to extra cover for a sharp single
flat and fullish , goes for the slog-sweep , but only gets the bottom edge to short fine leg .
back of a length , tucked out to square leg to keep the strike
width outside the off stump , cut away in front of square to get BATTER back on strike
banged in on a length , punched out towards wide extra cover and they pinch a single
bustling medium pace , tight to the stumps , and BATTER clips into the leg side from the top of off to get off strike
flat legbreak , clipped off the hip for one more to square leg
fired into the pitch , heaved out to long-on for one more
googly again , BATTER keeps his eye on it and pulls unconvincingly for one through midwicket
googly , pulled across the line out to deep backward square
keeps the strike for the next over with a single through square leg
length on off , patted to long-on
just ca n't get them away . This one is dug into a length and does n't come on to the bat as BATTER shapes to slap it away . Gets it through cover but no further
oh he 's going to take the single and keep strike . Fuller on the pads , glanced to fine leg
back of a length , swats a pull to wide long-on , again not well timed
length ball angling into him on the pads , comfortably tucked through square leg for a single
backs away but BOWLER follows him and he can only mis-time the pull to wide long-on . Does n't get a second
inside edge onto pad off his attempted punch , but he ball goes slowly into the covers and they take a single
length on off , tight line , bunted to mid-on
fuller and a bit too straight , clipped to mid-on 's right
back of a length again , this time he goes back in his crease and punches it straight , gets it past the bowler
angling into him a bit fuller , clipped to mid-on
fuller on the leg stump , flicked off his toes through midwicket
angling into him straighter and he manages to nurdle it to fine leg . BOWLER holds his head in his hands , he did n't want to give away that single . Wanted BATTER on strike
back of a length outside off , cuts it to deep point . Good work by the fielder to run to his left and keep them to one run
length outside off , opens the face to run it down to third man
squirted away through backward point
length outside off , tapped through cover
plays it more carefully this time , coming forward to a tossed up delivery and gently steering towards point
too full , and he comes on the front foot to flick this to wide long-on
googly that he did n't read , was coming forward to defend , takes the inside edge and rolls backward of square
goes for the yorker , but ends up as a low full toss on the stumps , turned away to square leg
pushed into the offside on the front foot
full and angling into him , straightens a bit , BATTER forward defence is more hopeful than convincing , squirts off the edge to third man
comes on the front foot and opens the face to steer to third man
length outside off , pressed out into the covers
length outside off , pressed out to cover and they scamper through for another tight single
full and straight , tickled down to fine leg to keep the strike
length in the channel at 89mph/144kph , BATTER is late on it , and steers an awkward upper-cut over gully as he looks to withdraw the bat . Gets lucky , and it loops up to FIELDER on the bounce
tight to the stumps , BOWLER hits a length at 88mph/141kph , and BATTER pushes effortlessly to deep cover
short outside off at 87mph/141kph . BATTER shapes to leave , but dangles the bat in the way of the ball to steer it down to third man for one . Not sure he knew much about where that was going
nudged out to square leg for one , which brings up the 100-run stand from only 128 balls . These two have put Australia in control
slightly full of a length on fourth stump , nudged into the covers for a quick single
slightly back of a length , and BATTER swats it down to long leg to retain the strike
slower ball on a length , steered to backward point for a sharp single . Looked like a legcutter , I think
length ball on sixth stump , guided down to third man with an open face
legbreak , tucked off the pads to short midwicket for a very quick single , as FIELDER throws underarm at the stumps from short midwicket but misses at the bowler 's end
flatter legbreak , cut out to deep point for one
floaty legbreak , thumped out to deep cover
cutter on a length , dabbed towards point for a scampered single to retain strike
slightly back of a length outside off , BATTER gets a thick edge looking to punch through point and it flies down towards third man
tucked off the hip for a jogged single to short fine leg
legbreak on the stumps , clipped out to square leg again but FIELDER gets there in time to stop the second , this time
sharp legbreak , punched out to deep cover off the back foot
slightly back of a length , and enough width for BATTER to guide down to third man with an open face
wide on the crease , BATTER punches out to cover from a length
steered out through cover-point to FIELDER on the boundary
legbreak , cut away towards deep cover
googly , whipped off the pads down to FIELDER at fine leg
slightly fuller on off stump , clipped out to deep midwicket for one
very wide on the crease , BATTER drops into the off side and sets off for a sharp single . FIELDER get round to his right from backward point , but his throw is wide of the stumps at the bowler 's end , and even a direct hit might not have got him
too much width , and BATTER slaps this out to the man sweeping at deep cover
length ball , tucked off the pads out to deep square
length on fourth stump , BATTER plays tip-and-run , sneaking a single towards cover
slightly overpitched , and BATTER tucks off the pads out to FIELDER at deep square
bustling medium pace from tight to the stumps , and BATTER clips out to square leg for one
slower ball outside off , clipped in front of square on the leg side to retain the strike
clipped out to square leg for one more
length outside off , bit of nibble in off the seam , and BATTER gloves it down towards third man . Shaped to cut , but cramped for room
drags it a bit short , quicker one , clipped off his pads to deep square leg
driven through cover
length on off , goes back and uses wrists again to work through square
fuller outside off , driven powerfully . Short cover gets a hand to it but ca n't stop it
leg-break on off , he goes back and uses wrists to whip through square leg
down the track and swipes across the line to long-off
straying a bit on leg and is picked off through square
length , pitching on middle and spinning across , he goes right back and swipes it to long-on
too full and room outside off , he gets down low and slaps it through cover
length outside off , he goes back and flicks to fine leg
straying on the legside and he gets inside the line to tuck through midwicket
length on the stumps , uses his wrists to work this through square leg
googly , dragged short but do n't think he read it out the hand . Had enough time to adjust and pat this through midwicket with a horizontal bat
gets the line closer to off that time , still quite full , driven to long-off
length outside off , turning away , stroked through cover
fuller on the pads , turned to backward square leg
another short ball outside off but BATTER dealing with those well , brings his bat down late to chop it to third man
fuller on off , BATTER is hanging back but manages to stay well balanced in pushing this with soft hands towards mid-off . Goes for a quick single . FIELDER the fielder swooping in misses the stumps at the striker 's end . Might have been curtains for BATTER . Second run-out missed by England , first one was against BATTER earlier
another good bouncer , but dealt with well too . Rises up from back of a length outside off and he manages to get bat on top of it to pat it down towards point . They take a quick single too
back of a length , pushed to cover . Quick single taken
back of a length but on leg , rises up on his toes to clip this off the thigh pad to square leg
fuller , comes on the front foot to drive , gets it off the inside half of the bat to FIELDER at mid-on , who lets fly a rocket throw . Not at the stumps , beats the keeper too , but no overthrows .
down the track but BOWLER shortens his length a tad , and BATTER pushes past the bowler . FIELDER at mid-on in the action again , fields the ball
back of a length , dug into the pitch but down leg , he clips it off his hips to square leg
strays on the pads and BATTER tickles it fine . There 's a man back there
down the track , takes it on the half-volley and drives firmly straight past the bowler . FIELDER at mid-on moves to his left and tumbles to stop it . Good work
too straight that time , and BATTER tucks through midwicket off his pads
full on the stumps , looked like BATTER might have been hanging on the back foot a bit , but he gets bat in front to steer to third man 's left
full on the stumps , driven back firmly and he sets off for the single . BOWLER got his hand to it and half-stopped it . Mid-off swoops in and lets fly a throw . BATTER was n't even in the frame but the ball does n't hit the stumps . FIELDER the fielder
full on middle and leg , clipped to square leg . Sloppy work from England first up , allowing the single , with FIELDER failing to collect the ball cleanly
slower ball on a length , punched out to the man sweeping on the cover boundary
full on fourth stump , pushed out into the covers and they take one to the man on the edge of the ring
full on fourth stump , carved out to FIELDER on the edge of the ring at wide mid-off
fullish and straight , BATTER gives himself room to free the arms and heaves towards wide mid-on for a single
length on the stumps , squirted down to third man with an open face
slower ball , wide outside off . BATTER clears the front leg and slashed cross-batted , getting a thick edge out towards third man , who fields on the bounce
fullish outside off , whipped wristily round the corner for one towards long leg
spears in a yorker at the base of the stumps , which BATTER clips out towards midwicket to retain the strike
fullish on fourth stump , driven out into the off side for a single
length ball , edged very fine but FIELDER gets round to cut off the boundary
slightly full of a length on the stumps , BATTER flicks down to fine leg
banged in on a length , BATTER clips behind square for a single on the leg side
uses his feet to tickle out to straight midwicket . They run the first one hard hoping for a second , but it 's never there
tossed up outside off , smacked down to long-on for a jogged single
tossed up outside off , and slashed hard to long-off where FIELDER fields
full on leg stump , jammed out to wide long-on
tight to the stumps , and a tight off-stump line . BATTER tickles it round the corner for a single towards fine leg
banged in on a length , BATTER clips into the leg side hoping for two but it 's never there , and they decide against the second
googly , tossed up on off stump . Slashed out to deep cover by BATTER to finally get off the mark
drag-down , and BATTER heaves a pull out to square leg
length ball , tucked round the corner to long leg
length ball , tucked off the hip out to square leg
bit of late movement back in as BATTER inside-edges into the back pad . Strangled appeal , but definitely bat first
low full toss , driven out to deep cover . Attempted yorker , slightly overpitched
tossed up on off stump , BATTER presses out to long-off
googly , fenced to point where FIELDER misfields , and BATTER gets off the mark straightaway
full on the stumps , driven to mid-on
fuller outside off , driven to deep cover
length ball into him on the stumps , steered to point 's right from close to his body , with bat close to pad
flatter on middle and leg , swept to deep square leg
tossed up on off , driven to long-off
good connection with the pull shot . Short ball outside off and he hits it sweetly but there is a sweeper who 'll clean up
length ball on off , walks across and works it through square
tossed up on off , driven inside out past extra cover
length ball on the stumps pushed gently and BOWLER a bit sloppy there , could have got a maiden for himself and two in a row for Australia by moving to his left and fielding but slips up . They get a single
fuller and swept hard , deep square leg cleans up
banged in short , rises up to the helmet but BATTER takes it on , swivels back and pulls to deep square leg
short outside off , pulls with authority but FIELDER is at deep square leg and fields
tossed up on leg stump , turned to short fine leg 's right
tossed up outside off , fuller , slaps a drive to extra cover
length outside off , opens the face to guide to point
length on off , pushes it gently but wide of the fielder at cover and towards long-off for a single
half a step down the track and flicks this length ball from his pads to fine leg
dug in short but does n't bounce much , BATTER pulls to deep square leg .
back of a length on off , turned backward of square
some drift into him but a bit too full , shovelled to fine leg
tossed up on the stumps , goes right back and gently turns it into the legside
length ball down leg , flicked off his hips to deep backward square leg
too full , tailing onto leg stump , flicked to fine leg off the toe-end of the bat
nicely done , length ball going across him , waits and late cuts it to third man . There is a fielder there so only one run
back of a length on the fourth stump , he moves across and pulls to deep square leg . Ball did n't really bounce much
back of a length on leg stump , swivels pulls it , gets a bit of an under-edge to fine leg
down the track again , gets a bit of an inside edge to deep square leg trying to swing through the line
some shape in the air and misfield by FIELDER at cover allows a single . Strange one . Full ball driven , but not timed , and FIELDER just seemed to lose it while bending down to collect
sticking in the pitch a bit , on a length on the stumps , BATTER backing away but ca n't create enough room , ends up jabbing it close to his body to mid-off
fuller outside off , flicked to mid-on by walking across and gets a single
finally gets one away . Length outside off , gets down low and late cuts to third man
fuller on the pads , turned to deep square leg
short ball , BATTER decides to attack but gets an under-edge on the pull that rolls down to fine leg
length ball , straighter , flicked to midwicket 's right for a single
bangs this in short outside off but BATTER rides the bounce nicely to steer it to third man from his chest
length on fifth stump , steered down to third man to keep the strike
length on off stump , BATTER rocks onto the back foot and clips through square leg to keep the strike
length outside off , steered behind square on the off side to finally get off 2 !
back of a length , clipped off the hip through backward square leg . BATTER set off for two but was sent back by a `` no , no , no ! '' from his captain
length on the pads , whipped down to long leg
full and straight , nudged in front of square on the leg side via the inside half of the bat
length outside off , BATTER swivel-pulls into the leg side but hits the sweeper
shimmies down to flick into the leg side and scamper through for a single to wide mid-on . Does n't look like that injury is causing him too much trouble , then
bit of nibble away , but BATTER steers behind square on the leg side as he comes across
slightly full of a length on sixth stump , BATTER shuffles across to the off side and plays tip-and-run to mid-on , just about making his ground as FIELDER throws slightly wide of the stumps
back of a length , thumped hard to long-on , just the single . Two to get , three balls ...
another googly , clawed into the leg side , FIELDER is lurking at deep midwicket , and it 's just as well he did n't make better contact ... another run ticked off !
good scramble from BATTER , on the back foot and blocked to cover . The shy would have been tight , but it 's wide ...
firmly drilled as BOWLER nails a full-length inswinger , but FIELDER intercepts superbly at mid-off ... looked like a four , only a single
speared into the pads , good contact from BATTER , patted to square leg , over to his senior partner
big wide googly , BATTER slaps a drive to long-off ... he 'll keep the strike . 14 needed ... two good overs or three good strokes ?
back and across , fenced through backward point to a ripple of grateful applause from the balcony . Who knew such tension was possible in an empty September ground !
down on the knee for a measured sweep first ball ... finds enough of a gap
nurdled behind square . Australia picking them off with ease now
whipped to the leg side , back of a length from BOWLER . Just the single
on the pads , flashed through square leg for a raucously received hundred ! Superb gutsy innings , and now Australia believe !
another single to complete the over . Australia are walking this all of a sudden . Extraordinary
hoicked to the leg side , a bit of a biff , but it 's effective enough . That six basically won the over ...
rolls the fingers , on a tight leg-stump line , worked to square leg to take BATTER into the 90s too ... what a turnaround since that no-ball reprieve !
poked to cover , anotther single to the cause , and BATTER off strike to take stock , which is no bad thing either ...
round the wicket , BATTER makes room to leg to work a nurdle behind point . Another single ...
another excellent cutter , tight line , full length , inside-edged to backward square . Another single
slow and wide , this is cunning bowling , taking all the pace off with offcutters , and BATTER flat-bats to point
back of a length , slower ball , flashed across the line with a cramped pull to mid-on
wide again , an uncomfortable dragged pull to midwicket , he 's not so hot on that stroke , but the single is ample . Another over of more than a run a ball . The requirement keeps very much in sight
very full again , solid stab back to the bowler , all determined full faces of the bat at the moment
rolls the fingers well , just back of a length on off . BATTER responds with a cautious push back past the bowler . The singles will suffice when the big shot is n't on ...
pushed back onto the stumps , flicked off the hip to backward square . That 's nine off the over , and concerns for FIELDER now . FIELDER has been reliable , and FIELDER is a gun at the death . He 's got six left ... and here he comes .
pulled again , rolling the wrists out to deep midwicket
flashed hard into the covers , pace from BOWLER , but wide line this time
full length , and whittled out to deep midwicket
flashed on the up to the on-side , another single to the cause .
followed BATTER once more , fired into the pads , chipped off a leading edge , but safely over the bowler 's head . Just the single ...
banged in short , swatted to the leg side , ducking into the pull
hopping onto the back foot , tapped to cover , and up comes the 150 stand from 144 balls . Proper job !
hits the bat hard on a fuller length , poked to the off side
clawed out to deep midwicket
full and straight , better areas from BOWLER but met with a straight bat from BATTER , pushed to mid-on
banged in short , a clawed pull to mid-on , and FIELDER 's shy at the keeper 's end almost takes out BOWLER in his followthrough !
BATTER ticks into the gap with another sweep . Job done for Australia in that over . Chiselling away at the requirement
down on one knee , BATTER slaps a pull from wide of off stump , forced into a drag from outside his eyeline
down on one knee , and swept again to bring BATTER back on strike
full and fast , angled across the left-hander and flashed with an open face to third man
pulled firmly to the leg side
hustled on the back foot , but stabbed solidly into the gap at midwicket . Singles singles ...
on the back foot , clipped square , another hasty single to the cause
another sweep to complete another leaky over from BOWLER . I wonder if it 's time to call for FIELDER ... England still have options after all , thanks to FIELDER 's early spell
a toe-ended slog , wide line , hauled through mid-on . BOWLER offering up tempting width
down on one knee , swept to backward square
width and slashed , a fat edge through a wide vacant cordon . Loose but gets away with it
another measured pull , hopping inside the line of the slower-ball bouncer , and worked behind square
attempted pull , underedged off the toe and out into the covers . A scampered single will suffice
down on one knee , and swept firmly behind square . 12 off the over and the magic is n't happening yet for BOWLER . He needs a hand to break this one down ...
flashed to the leg side
a flappy slog-sweep , and that 's plugged in no-man 's land ! No contact of any note , and just as well , plops safely to bring up a run-a-ball hundred stand
flicked behind square as BOWLER hits the deck just back of a length , angled into the body
shaping into the legs , tucked into the gap at midwicket . Singles suddenly on offer everywhere
pushed firmly back down the ground
back of a length , nudged to the leg side , another single to the cause
drove in the up but got a thick inside edge
angled to deep cover-point
eased to midwicket and FIELDER keeps it to a single
clipped down to mid-on , and FIELDER , cutting it off , slips and lands flat on his backside . They should have come back for two , while FIELDER looks down in a bit of embarrassment
rocks back and slogs this to cow corner . Does n't get the timing right and only fetches him the single
tucks this into the onside and they exchange ends
helped down to midwicket . 5 off that second BOWLER over
watched it carefully and prodded it into the offside
beaten all ends up by an outstanding googly , popped up in the air on the offside as he tried to smear it through midwicket
rolled his fingers over that , it 's helped down to third man
guided through the offside . Nine off that over , but could have been so , so different
runs it down to deep sweeper cover . Now , BOWLER to
takes on the arm of FIELDER at backward point . Needed a direct hit but they run through for one
slower ball , dropped dead and they scamper through for a single
darted through and flicked past short third . Eight from that over , and Australia managing to build something resembling a partnership , finally
run down to long-on
slower once more , runs it down to short third man , but does n't quite beat the fielder
skips across the line to lap him to fine leg . The first run he 's conceded in nine balls
prodded to deep cover
pushed into the offside . Australia content to take the singles off
dropped the ball slightly short of a length and quicker , cut away for one
opens the face and slices it away to sweeper cover
clipped to mid-on , and Australia scuttle through for one . FIELDER tries the direct hit , but misses comfortably . Not a fun five minutes or so for him
opens the face and carves it through the offside
eased to archer at mid-on
clobbered away to cow corner , but FIELDER has another man in place there now . Good captaincy
eased away for one , and BATTER keeps the strike for the FIELDER over
that went on with the arm , tucked into the onside

change of pace , cut away through the offside
pushed into the offside
quick single , a direct hit might have sent him back ! Had to get a full length dive in , and he still was n't making it if the stumps had been hit
slightly short , angled down to sweeper cover
comes round the wicket , tucked down to fine leg
pumped down to square leg off the back foot
nurdled around the corner , flicking with the spin from outside off
up on the toes , blocked on the back foot , back to the bowler
stretching forward , and worked off the toes to the on side
pre-meditated reverse sweep , tapping the ball with the turn to backward point . Golden-arm sees off another over
on the back foot , and tucked to the leg side
whippy into the leg side , solid connection from outside off , but ca n't beat the ring
tucked off the pads to the leg side
dipping into the toes on a fuller length , BATTER responds with a prod behind square
decent turn from just outside off , clipped calmly to the leg side
outside off , dabbed to third man , probing away in the channel
flicked on the up to the leg side
another cutter , slo-moing into the pads and clipped into the gap
flipped off the pads , into the gap at deep square leg
flashed down to third man , a touch of width to help with the angle
flicked around the corner for a quick single
good line , he jabs away towards square leg
shorter ball , worked off his pads to the leg side
the full toss was carved down to the cover boundary
helicopter shot from him this time . Whips it down to long-on and gets a single
this one was a bit too wide , which meant BATTER could n't quite middle it . Flew up off the bottom edge , but as has happened so often today , it lands safely
firmly struck back past the bowler , who snatched at it . Goes down to long-off , though , and he keeps the strike
squeezes it down to third man
slower ball , crunched down to deep cover
digs it out and runs it down to third man
clipped down to mid-on and he gladly gets off strike
squeezed to extra cover and they exchange ends
took the pace off it , and an ill-timed slog finds long-on along the ground
slaps that hard back to the bowler , and after a bit of confusion , they scamper through
full toss , but it was menacingly targeting the stumps , and BATTER can just about carve it to a cover fielder . Decent over
slashed away , did n't quite middle it and they pick up one to third man
chipped to long-on on the bounce
another short ball , pulled to midwicket
slower bouncer . BATTER hangs the bat up above his head and flicks it down to fine leg
rolled his fingers over it , and he eases it down to third man
leg stump line on that occasion , and he works it away down to fine leg . They tried to push for two , but FIELDER was too sharp to allow it
googly , clipped through the onside
nudged down to mid-off
nudged down the onside after he dances down the crease awkwardly to ensure he did n't get stumped
dabbed into the onside , just that one off it
googly , tapped into the onside for a single
pushed through the offside , for sweeper cover to cut off
eased down to long-on for a single . Decent couple of overs for Australia , out of nowhere , really
full and well flighted . Driven to mid-off and he gets BATTER on strike early in the over this time
no we 're not anymore . Clumped down to long-on and BATTER has the strike
full and flighted to begin with . He slaps it past mid-off to get BATTER back on strike
pushed down to long-on
beaten in the air and nearly scooped to cover-point . Clever bowling
took the pace off that one and BATTER squeezes it down to fine leg
opens the face and carves it down to deep point as he moves to 95
driven down to mid-on , and that brings up the 100-partnership . It 's come in 112 balls , and from 95 for 4 , it was desperately required . Kept England well in the game
bowls a little slower and gives it air . Rewarded with grip off the pitch and it scooped up in the air , only to fall short of any offside fielder
slower ball and it balloons into the air on the offside through a vacant cover region . The pace of the ball deceived him completely but he gets away with it
slower delivery to finish off . It 's clumped down to the cow corner boundary
nurdled down to fine leg
languid push down to long-on
sliced away down to FIELDER at third man
a little hop down the wicket , but he ended up dropping it dead on the offside and scampering for one . A bit of football from BOWLER as he tries to effect a run out
open-faced steer to third man , ca n't pick the gap
back of a length , very tight line , BATTER waits on the back foot and taps the single to backward point . Good ball , but robbed by some slow reactions in the field
forward and blocked into the on-side
cracked behind square as BATTER attempts a cut but is just cramped a touch by the line and the bounce
another appeal , again leg-sided as BATTER works the ball behind square
misdirected this time , but fine leg is well placed to mop up a flick off the pads
fenced to the on side , head over the ball . BOWLER twirls through another tidy over
right back on the stumps , clipping the leg-stump delivery in the air out to midwicket
more good use of the feet , not quite getting there , but close enough to nurdle the single to the on side
a shuffle to the pitch once more , clipped firmly to the on side
worked off the legs again
patted firmly out to the off side .
a flashed drive into the covers , had FIELDER gathered that , a direct hit would surely be out ! But he fumbles and BATTER coasts home
working the singles as BOWLER probes on a middle and leg line
a bottom-handed thump to the leg side , FIELDER at square leg is beaten by big spin
right back on the stumps , clipped in the air for a moment but safely behind square
tight line , just back of a length , flicked with an open face down to a fine third man
lively footwork , blocked with a tangle of limbs on middle and off
BATTER shimmies at the crease , threatening to advance , but instead rocking back and stealing a single off the pads
advancing to the pitch once again , flicked uppishly off the toes , out to the leg side
leg-stump line , clipped square . A huge leg-side boundary for
right up to the toes , nudged to leg , another gap picked as England find some momentum against BOWLER at last
better use of the feet this time , shuffling to the pitch and he 's halfway through the quick single as FIELDER gathers at mid-on
tapped off the toes , a touch quicker through the air
back of a length , a slower and shorter cutter , banged into the middle of the pitch , and a languid pull to the man behind square
poked with very hard hands , back down the line of the ball . Solid
pressed with a full face down the ground to mid-on , and BATTER is up and running
firmly pushed into the covers once more . Five from the over , which is perfectly adequate at this stage
drilled along the deck to mid-off , a tidy over so far
right back on the stumps , pumped into the off-side with stiff forearms
inside-out drive through extra cover , head over the ball
on the back foot , worked to square leg
crunched through the offside to keep the strike
opens the face and carves it through the cover region . They curry through for one , and even FIELDER 's direct hit is n't enough to threaten a fairly routine single
fuller from BOWLER , and it 's driven down for a single
gives it a bit of air , driven down to long-off
worked own to midwicket , and they 're not crazy enough to take on FIELDER ' arm
good length , wicket-to-wicket line . Dropped it down to mid-on and they scamper through for a single . England have to find a way to keep the runs ticking along
took his eyes off that but manages to pull that down to midwicket
nice shape and drift from BOWLER . Sliced away for a single
angles it down to third man
driven down the ground and he keeps the strike . Best over for Australia in ages
worked through cover and he gets off the mark
whacked through the onside and he keeps the strike . It 's ended up being England 's Powerplay , arguably , and that 's quite the comeback after the first two balls
makes room and BOWLER follows him . He manages a single down to fine leg Smart bowling
pitching outside leg stump and angling in , squeezed down to short fine leg , and England bring up the 50 , as well as the 50 partnership !
clipped through legside . Poor running and sharp work by FIELDER keeps that to just one
opens the face and runs it down to third man
angled down to third man
tossed up , pressed out to long-off where FIELDER fields
speared down the leg side , tucked out to deep midwicket to keep the strike
length on the pads , worked out to FIELDER at deep square and they decide against taking on his arm
length outside off , slower ball which holds in the surface . Muscled out through midwicket for one
length outside off , agriculturally heaved to wide mid-on for a single
tossed up above the eyeline , uses his feet to meet the pitch and drive out to long-off
another slower ball , driven out to cover
fired in down the leg side , tickled down to fine leg for one
full , scooting in towards off stump , clipped out towards square leg for one
tossed up , tucked out in front of square for a single
back of a length outside off , punched out to deep cover
tossed up , very full on fourth stump , and clipped down to long-on for one
hung outside off , wristily worked in front of square for a single
tickled out to backwards square for a single
tossed up , very loopy above the eyeline and it turns into a low full toss , which BATTER prods out to long-on
good turn on a length , rocks back and punches out to extra cover
thumped out towards long-on for a jogged single
flighted up on leg stump , tickled into the leg side
decent turn from outside off , whacked down to long-on for an ambled single
full on fourth stump , pushed out to long-off
tucked out to deep midwicket
good turn , rocks back to carve out to deep cover
nudged into the covers . They cruise through for a single
nudged to mid-off and they scamper through for a single
nudged to mid-off
nudged away behind square as they squeeze through for a single
length ball , tucked out to deep backward square when FIELDER fields
nudged out to square leg off the hip
nudged down to long leg for a single
tucked off the toes for another single . Over to you Quinny ...
up on the toes , tapped down to third man
crashed out to the leg side once again , similar shot but straight at the man this time
tucked off the pads for another single . He 's into the 90s
pulled from outside off , another single to wrap up the over . The partnership continues to flourish
too short , lifted off the legs , on the bounce to FIELDER inside the boundary . BATTER is lucky he did n't time that a touch better , though TomC is n't impressed
a fat hack through third man . Outside off , and a wild swing , just about connects as BOWLER rolls his fingers
dab and scamper , yet more excellent running to a non-descript prod into the covers . Invaluable aspect of South Africa 's progress
back of a length , sliding onto the pads , worked with the angle to backward square
plinked off the pads , out to deep square leg
nurdled off the legs for another single
slower ball , outside off , tapped to point and yet another very nifty single from nothing . It 's been a key feature of this stand
pressed to mid-on for the single
looping slower ball , well watched with a flick of the wrists over the leg side
slower ball from round the wicket , ghosting into the pads and worked square
back of a length , gently dabbed to square leg for the single
slightly shorter , straight line , chopped to point
the slowest of slower balls , BATTER adapts at the crease and fences a leg-side delivery behind square
round the wicket , back of a length , tucked off the hip behind square for the single
swept hard through square leg , up comes the hundred partnership . It 's all South Africa at the moment ...
lots of air outside off , BATTER drives again , a slight fumble ensures there are no dramas on the single
back in the crease , soft hands into the off side , picking the gap for the single
back of a length , BATTER shimmies at the crease , and flashes a cut into the covers
eased into the covers , and BATTER raises a mighty fine half-century . Calm and authoritative
down on one knee for a flogged drive through the covers , tidied up by the sweeper
rocks back for a controlled cut to short third man
width , slashed to deep point to keep the strike . Easy peasy
back and across , punched to cover
over the wicket , on the pads , nudged to backward square
back of a length , a measured flat pull to wide long-on
back of a length , eased around the back pad for another single
banged in short , hauled out to deep midwicket , rising onto the back leg to keep the ball down
advancing to the pitch , flashed hard down to long on , up comes the 100 . South Africa , dare one say it , are setting the tempo here
another reverse sweep , BATTER hurtles for the single as backward square swoops , but he 's quick enough to secure his partner a very fine half-century ! The skipper leads from the front
works the single
reverse sweep , and nailed on the pad ! Big spin , and beats everything down the leg side . Gosh , that looked plumb to the naked eye . Should have been a wide , but given as runs
up on the toes , cut down to backward point
firmly fenced into the covers once more
a high-elbowed punch out to deep cover , off a full length
back of a length and dabbed down to third man
tossed up , lots of air on this , driven down to long-off for a single
fullish on fifth stump , nudged out into the covers and they squeeze through for a single
cutter , slid across him , guided down to third man
back of a length in the channel , guided down to third man . 86mph/138kph
length on the pads , short-arm jabbed out to deep backward square
back of a length on off stump , prodded to point and they scamper through for one
good turn on the legbreak , drops deep in the crease and guides it out to extra cover for a single
nudged out towards long-on to bring up the fifty partnership
driven out to long-off
crunched out to deep cover on the back foot
length ball , tucked off the hip out to deep backward square
back of a length , punched out to FIELDER at sweeper-cover off the back foot
straight , length ball , guided out into the covers
length ball , tossed up , nudged out into the covers
back of a length , nudged out into the covers and they scramble through
slower ball , back-of-the-hander , driven out to deep cover . Down at 64mph/103kph
tucked out to square leg for a single
speared in , slides on with the angle , forced out to deep midwicket where FIELDER fields
worked out to long-on with his back leg in the air , flamingo-style
length ball , punched through cover off the back foot . Slight misfield from FIELDER of all people , and they get through for one
tossed up , full and straight , forced out to long-on for one
speared in again , 60mph/97kph , clipped through mid-on and BOWLER races after it to field off his own bowling
length ball , clipped off the pads out to deep midwicket
speared in with a round arm , nudged out to square leg and they hurry through for one
tucked into the leg side for an ambled single
tossed up , full and straight , BATTER looks to muscle him down the ground but ca n't time it , and they only manage a single
back of a length , nudged away towards point and BATTER hurtles through for a scrambled single . Great running !
length on the pads , clipped out to the right of mid-on . FIELDER makes a tumbling stop , and they decide against the second
back of a length , fended out to third man off the back foot
slides on with the angle , prodded out to mid-on to get off strike
length ball , guided down to third man with an open bat face
drop-and-run out towards point , FIELDER hurtles in and throws at full stretch diving forward , one stump to aim at , and ca n't hit ! Would have been tight , but an incredibly difficult piece of fielding
outswinger , pushed across him , nudged into the covers and they scramble through for a run . Very slow off the pitch
length ball in the channel , squirted out to third man for an ambled single
length ball pushed across BATTER , guided down to third man
pushed back down the ground in the air and FIELDER ca n't get a hand to it ! Half-chance but not much more , held in the surface as BATTER looked to work it straight , and only just out of the bowler 's reach
steered down to third man for a single
length ball , skids on and forced out to mid-on with plenty of bottom hand
pushed across the right-hander , guided down to third man to get off the mark
full on the pads , tucked out to deep midwicket
fullish on off stump , whipped out to deep backward square to get off the mark
pounded across the line , straight to midwicket , if he hits this is out ... but he does n't ...
round the wicket , fired down the leg side , flicks the pad to elude FIELDER and they rush the single
flashed hard to cover , another scampered single
a wipe off a full length , down to third man
heaved with purpose out to the leg side , but cow corner is set back
outside off , and cracked to the off side
flogged to long-on , with a pirouette in his followthrough for good measure . Up comes BATTER 's Dentury !
another full toss , slapped square , just the single . England 's progress is checked by an allsorts over
pops off a leading edge ... just wide of BOWLER in his followthrough , who gathers , pivots , shies ... and misses ! A stone-dead run-out chance
wide yorker , BATTER skids to his knees to reach it with a cross-batted wipe , into the covers
short and slow , outside off , BATTER waits on the back foot and flaps a cut to point
slower ball , out comes the cutter and BATTER is through his drive early , as it skews to the leg side
bashed to long-on , retreating to leg to free the arms
on the legs this time , a firm sweep to backward square
flashed to deep cover , a difficult line to really climb into
fired out wide , across the right-hander 's bows . BATTER chases with a flat-batted drive , out to cover
back of a length , slower ball , BATTER waits and works the nurdle off his legs to backward square
languid drive out to deep point , reaching for the wide ball
worked into the leg side once more
a swish to deep backward square , hauled from back of a length
back of a length , twisting back into the right-hander , punched down to long-off
banged in short , clawed out to the leg side with a roll of the wrists
rushing to the pitch of the ball , battered to cover
shaping into the legs , and turned around the corner for one more single . That 's the end of a very handy spell from Jon-Jon . Who is done-done
clipped to the leg side , another single
flashed to long-on , connected too well with that one in the end , reached the fielder too quickly for them to come back for the second
nudged out to point , up comes the 200
sits up in the pitch , worked to the on-side , in the air for a while but there 's no fielder that close
flicked on the up , but just out of the reach of wide mid-on ! He got right underneath that one , but picked his spot well enough !
nudged out to mid-off for another single
punched to long-on , presenting a full face back down the pitch
opens the face on the back foot , a late call for the single , but a fumble from FIELDER , which is most uncharacteristic . A standard grab would have been mighty tight !
compact drive to cover once more
cracked along the ground to a deep-set mid-off
sliding into the legs , clipped to deep square . A productive over as England edge towards 200 with the death overs looming
flashed down to third man , latching onto a hint of width
flicked to the leg side , the runs keep on dribbling
punched at the top of the bounce to mid-off
advancing to the pitch , but opts out of the lofted wallop ... a flick along the turf to the on-side
tucked to the leg side with a hop into line
back of a length , jabbed to third man with an open face , very Rootian
high-elbowed defence to mid-off
blotted into the off side , presenting a full face back down the line of the ball
outside off , wafted into the covers
tapped into the covers , a sharp single
up on the toes , dabbed down to third man
full-faced drive to deep cover , skipping to the pitch of the ball in a show of slightly more intent
leaning back for a firm cut out to deep cover . Solid connection , but the sweeper is set back on the rope
length outside off , punched out to deep cover
back of a length , steered out to third man with an open face
slides on with the angle , punched out to deep extra cover
fired in , back of a length , and punched out to deep extra cover on the back foot
short ball , swivel-pulled out to deep square
full on fifth stump , worked out into the leg side . Slight misfield at short midwicket , but does n't cost a run
full on off stump , whipped out to long-on elegantly with a raised back leg
length ball in the channel , steered behind point for a scampered single
length on fourth stump , worked out to deep backward square
fired in at the off stump , tucked out to long-on
tossed up above the eyeline , driven to long-off for an ambled single
full , nudged out to square leg and they scramble through for a single
fullish on off stump , worked through mid-on
wide and back of a length to start , swished aerially through point out to the sweeper for one , not particularly convincingly
tucked out towards backward square leg for one
tossed up above the eyeline , whipped out to long-on
fuller on fourth stump , wristily whipped through midwicket for one with a raised back leg
slower ball again , a little offcutter . Back of a length , steered gently towards third man . De FIELDER chases after it , hurls down the stumps with BATTER safely in , and they get through for an overthrow , much to BOWLER 's displeasure
back of a length , in at the hip , nudged out towards mid-on
short ball , BATTER latches onto it early and swivel-pulls out to deep midwicket
tucked out into the leg side
tossed up above the eyeline , driven out to wide long-off
full and straight , worked out to deep midwicket
back of a length outside off , steered out towards midwicket
length on the pads , tucked out to deep midwicket
length on off stump , tucked out to midwicket
worked out towards deep midwicket to keep the strike ticking over
length on the hip , tucked out to backward square
on the back foot , rolls the wrists on impact and jogs the single to midwicket
moving outside the line of off stump , looking for two and a bit of a misjudgement as they stutter mid-pitch
up comes the hundred , South Africa are making England fight for their runs
fullish on the pads , steered out to deep backward square
punched out to deep cover off the back foot
nudged out to square leg off the pads
fullish on off stump , pushed out to long-on
length on the pads , nudged out to deep square to get off the mark
full on the pads , clipped elegantly out to deep midwicket
length in the channel , guided down to third man
full toss , crunched to mid-on with a straight blade
clipped off the legs for another single , calmly done
tucks the single , walking across the stumps to create the angle into the leg side
pressed firmly into the gap at point , off the back foot
back of a length , a hint of turn from over the wicket , cracked out to cover
a casual drive to the cover sweeper . A distinct change of pace from England since the twin wickets . Content to build calmly for now
content to rotate the singles for now , another nurdle to mid-on
low full toss again , BATTER accepts the freebie with a casual steer into the gap at midwicket
biffed along the carpet to long-off , another jogged single
low full toss from over the wicket , clubbed with lots of bottom hand to mid-on
nudges the single to keep the strike rotating
back of a length , outside off , tapped to point
flogged into the covers , eludes the closer of the two fielders and he 's off the mark
back of a length , jabbed down to third man for another single
nurdled off the legs to get BATTER off the mark
flicked on the up , over square leg , solid connection but there 's a man back on the rope to tidy up
tucked off the toes out to midwicket
squared up and a leading edge scoots over short midwicket ! So nearly the breakthrough , BATTER was caught on the hop , quite literally , but FIELDER could n't stretch high enough , and hobbles off with a sore ankle after landing ...
s-l-l-o-o-o-w off the deck as BATTER waits on the back foot and dabs to gully
tucked off the legs , out for the single
no pace once more as BATTER presses a drive out to cover
whittled off the legs , out to backward square
short , and slammed hard out to midwicket . Straight at the fielder who takes the pace off , but really should have done better . They jog the single for the misfield
walking across the stumps , a shimmy off the pads to short midwicket and England have their first ODI run since July 14
flighted , worked off the stumps through midwicket
floated up outside off , 78kph/49mph and dabbed delicately off the back foot towards short third man
pushed through a little faster , FIELDER nudges through midwicket for a single
tossed up , 76 clicks and met by FIELDER skipping down , worked into the leg side - but there 's only one there
flighted outside the line of off and FIELDER goes inside out , chipped down the ground to long-off
fullish on the stumps , this is whipped through square leg for one
dug in short , pulled flat through midwicket for another single
fired on middle and leg , FIELDER clips through square
length ball outside off , pushed into the covers for a single
flatter , a touch quicker and nudged towards square leg
flighted , drifting in as FIELDER comes down and works the ball into a gap leg side
pushed through , 76kph/47mph and skidding on , clipped leg side
pitched up and driven into the off side , there 's a man back and they take one
good length , lovely seam presentation and straightening a touch , clips the outer half of the bat , running behind backward point for one
pushed through on the stumps , maybe seam-up , FIELDER works off his body for one into the leg side to get going
nudged into a gap on the leg side
pushed through on the stumps , FIELDER clips through mid-on
round the wicket , darted on leg stump , nudged around the corner
back of a length , not much width but FIELDER manufactures a cut for one
length around off stump , FIELDER uses the feet well and blocks wide of mid-off , scampers through for one
full on the pads , 134kph/83mph and flicked around the corner , just a single to fine leg
back of a length on leg stump , FIELDER nudges it behind square
pitched up around fourth stump , straightens a touch and hits the outside edge , running rwde of the slips for a single to third man
touch leg side , no swing and tucked off the pads through backward square for the first run
flighted , worked off the stumps through midwicket
floated up outside off , 78kph/49mph and dabbed delicately off the back foot towards short third man
pushed through a little faster , BATTER nudges through midwicket for a single
tossed up , 76 clicks and met by BATTER skipping down , worked into the leg side - but there 's only one there
flighted outside the line of off and BATTER goes inside out , chipped down the ground to long-off
fullish on the stumps , this is whipped through square leg for one
dug in short , pulled flat through midwicket for another single
fired on middle and leg , BATTER clips through square
length ball outside off , pushed into the covers for a single
flatter , a touch quicker and nudged towards square leg
flighted , drifting in as BATTER comes down and works the ball into a gap leg side
pushed through , 76kph/47mph and skidding on , clipped leg side
pitched up and driven into the off side , there 's a man back and they take one
good length , lovely seam presentation and straightening a touch , clips the outer half of the bat , running behind backward point for one
pushed through on the stumps , maybe seam-up , BATTER works off his body for one into the leg side to get going
nudged into a gap on the leg side
pushed through on the stumps , BATTER clips through mid-on
round the wicket , darted on leg stump , nudged around the corner
back of a length , not much width but BATTER manufactures a cut for one
length around off stump , BATTER uses the feet well and blocks wide of mid-off , scampers through for one
full on the pads , 134kph/83mph and flicked around the corner , just a single to fine leg
back of a length on leg stump , BATTER nudges it behind square
pitched up around fourth stump , straightens a touch and hits the outside edge , running rwde of the slips for a single to third man
touch leg side , no swing and tucked off the pads through backward square for the first run
swiped over the leg side , lands safely in the gap - meaning England win by two wickets after a rather ticklish finish here in Joburg !
dug in and BATTER swings a pull through backward square leg
length ball , slightly wide and BATTER opens the face to run it to third man for another single
touch short and this time Rash has a dabble , glides one behind point
pitched up outside off , steered down to third man
full length in the channel and again BATTER throws the hands , crunches it square for one
tossed up straight , closes the face and works one more
flighted a little wider , BATTER presses out and nudges into a gap on the off side
flatter and worked for a single
short and at the man this time , swung away through backward square leg
BATTER flicks one more through square leg
back of a length , clipped through midwicket
works this one with the spin into a gap in front of mid-on
dug in , outside off and rising as BATTER hops back and swats one down to third man
shortish on the body and worked for one into a leg-side gap
128kph/79mph , punched into the off side , mid-off comes around and fires off a throw - but BATTER was home
back of a length in the channel , rides the bounce and steers out to point
full on off stump , skewed out to the man sweeping on the cover boundary
length ball , good turn in , tucked out through square leg
steered out through point for one
full on the pads , clipped out to the sweeper
googly , slashed out to deep point
length ball , tucked out to backward square off the hip . FIELDER momentarily loses it in his jumper , but it does n't cost a run
back of a length outside off , punched out to the sweeper on the back foot
length ball on fifth stump , squirted out down to third man via the outside half of the bat
length on the pads , tucked out to deep square to get off the mark
tossed up wide of off stump , BATTER opens up in his stance to drive through cover
pushes out to deep cover point
slower ball , runs his fingers down the side of it , BATTER steers down to third man
length outside off , BATTER rocks onto the back foot and carves it out to deep extra cover , cross-batted
length in the channel , punched out to the sweeper-cover on the back foot
tossed up above the eyeline , pushed out to point where FIELDER misfields to allow the single
sprayed down leg , tucked out to deep backward square for one more
gentle cutter on the pad , clipped out to mid-on
flighted , full on off stump , pressed out to long-off
length on the pads , tucked out to deep backward square
length ball on the hip , tucked out to the sweeper
length ball in the channel , fenced out to cover point
tossed up , wider outside off , and driven out to sweeper-cover
another sharp-turning googly , tucked round the corner and they scamper through
length ball , rocks back and thumps this calmly down the ground to long-on
length outside off , steered down to wide third man on the fence
short outside off , BATTER makes a horrible mess of it trying to pull and FIELDER puts him down ! Went to him pretty quickly at backward square leg in the circle , and could n't quite grab it
back-of-a-length ball , tip-and-run into the covers and just about safe . FIELDER 's throw would n't have been miles away from running BATTER out , but strikes him on the leg
tossed up on off , BATTER punches to mid-off and takes on the fielder 's arm ... could have been tight as he dived for his ground , but a muddy shirt is all it costs him
pushed wider , BATTER is forward and cushions one towards point , raising the England 100
stays back and nurdles around the corner for a single
short and leg side and flicked in air , bouncing away to the man coming in
short of a length , 138kph/86mph and nudged through backward square towards the boundary rider
goes straighter , 132kph/82mph and worked through backward square leg
dragged down a touch , BATTER hops back and whirls his arms through a swatted pull to deep square leg
gives this some air , whipped off the pads through the leg side for another single
flighted from over the wicket , BATTER waits for it and works with the spin through square leg
short of a length , 132kph/82mph and BATTER jabs through midwicket
shortish , BATTER pulls and gets a top edge ... but FIELDER ca n't quite get there running in ! Tremendous effort from the big fast man , who hared in off the midwicket fence and threw himself bodily for it , in vain
length ball , 136kph and BATTER squeezes a drive into the midwicket area for one - just a single off the over from BOWLER , who 's come out of the Powerplay just about intact
pitched up , 135kph and driven with a closed face wide of mid-on for one
drops into the crease and angles a single through backward point
touch back of a length , 133kph/82mph and BATTER dabs it late , wide of slip but FIELDER does well to dive and get a hand on it
angled in with the arm , full and punched for one more to the on side
full , 138kph and driven into the ground , BOWLER sticks up a paw but ca n't bring it down and BATTER gets off the mark
backs away and has a hacks , gets one off the inside edge
BOWLER plugs away , tickled off the pads behind square
fuller , angled in at 134kph/83mph and BATTER shuffles out and flicks through backward square
pushed across the right-hander , who steers this into a gap into the covers
length in the channel , 138kph/86mph and steered down to third man playing back
bit of width , 139kph/87mph and BATTER glides it down to third man for another single
back of alength over the stumps , worked away into the leg side
back of a length , slower ball , outside off , BATTER looks to carve over the off side , plinking it out towards mid-off
yorker this time , dug out to FIELDER who fields at cover point ... and they take the single !
yorker on off stump , clipped out to midwicket to keep the strike
low full toss , driven back at the bowler and it hits BOWLER ! Think he 's OK , quicker ball this time , burst through his hands and struck him in the chest before skewing away towards mid-off for a single
slower ball , back of a length , tucked off the hip down to short fine leg
tucked out to deep midwicket , they think about two but decide not to take FIELDER 's arm on
slower ball , back of a length , hangs back in his crease and tickled out to short midwicket off the hip to give BATTER the strike
full outside off , squeezed out to third man
slower-ball bouncer , pulled round the corner for one
slower ball , full outside off , nudged to mid-off and BATTER makes his ground thanks to a full-length dive ! BATTER set off early , BATTER was n't convinced but was safely back thanks to the dive
length ball , angling in towards the top of off stump , driven out to extra cover
slower ball , yorker-length , dug out towards point and they hurry through for a single to keep BATTER on strike
back of a length , squeezed out down to wide third man
slower ball , BATTER does n't pick it at all and chips it out to extra cover on the bounce
tucked off the hip down to fine leg , FIELDER gives chase and gathers
uses his feet to turn this into a low full toss , but can only hack it out to square leg inside the ring for one
very full and straight , worked down the ground . BOWLER ca n't get down in time , and it trickles out to long-off
full on the pads , clipped out to deep midwicket to bring up 200
fired in with a round arm , tucked out to wide mid-on
skids on with the arm , worked out to backward point , BATTER is slow to set off and would have been struggling at the bowler 's end with a direct hit but FIELDER 's throw was wild
round-arm , cramps him up , tickled out to deep midwicket and they take the single again
yorker on leg stump , tucked out to long-on , BATTER is happy to take the single
full outside off , worked down to long-on to get off strike
tossed up , low full toss thumped out to deep cover
speared in at 61mph/99kph from round the wicket , flicked out to deep midwicket
carved out into the covers for one
cutter again , fenced out into the covers
length ball on leg stump , tucked out to deep midwicket . They consider a second but decide against
length ball on leg stump , pushed out to long-on
fired in full outside the off stump , 62mph/99kph , and squeezed out to backward point
tucked out to midwicket
hacked out to long-off
back of a length , defended off the back foot , BATTER sets off slowly for the single but then gets into his stride . BOWLER looks to kick the ball into the stumps with the outside of his right boot , but blazes wide ! Think it would have been pretty tight ...
nudged out to deep square , think about two but decide against
full outside off , flayed out to cover point
round-arm , speared in again , goes on with the angle and BATTER punches out into the covers
pushed out to long-off
back of a length , tucked out to forward square leg off the hip
driven out to wide long-off
length ball clipped to mid-on , the running is chaotic again but this time there 's enough time for Lucky to scamper through and make his ground
length ball , pushed to mid-off and they steal through for a single
fullish on fourth stump , squeezed out into the covers via the edge
drops a touch short , stays low as BATTER wheels across the line and picks up one to deep square leg
tickled down the ground for one
uses the feet and whips this down the ground through mid-on
flighted , spinning outside off and steered square for one
full outside off , punched through the covers
comes forward and drives this down the ground to long-off
tossed up and worked in front of midwicket , BATTER is off and running , though FIELDER swoops and shies at one-and-a-half stumps ... Just misses ! Think he would have been struggling against a direct hit
lobbed up and prodded into a gap coming forwards
driven to mid-off , tight single here , FIELDER hits the stumps directly ... but he was just home , stretching for the crease !
flat on the stumps and clipped square off the back foot
comes forward and steers through mid-on
tossed up and punched down the ground
tossed up and worked for a single
sliced through backward point , FIELDER misfields to give them a single
punched down the ground to long-on
slightly shorter , hoicked leg side but he does n't get hold of it ... the ball lands safely wide of long-on ! FIELDER was the man running around , the man you 'd want to go for it , but was n't in the frame when it landed
another single as BATTER continues to rotate well
lobbed up on off stump , BATTER laps this for a single behind square
on the stumps , BATTER whips it into a gap for another single
tossed up on the stumps and worked for one
tossed up on the pads from over the wicket , Quinny turns calmly to leg - that 's his half-century , a vital knock from the captain in the circumstances
tossed up and dabbed off the back foot
comes down and prods this through mid-off for one
on the stumsp , plays with the spin and steers another single through backward square leg
drops a tad short , BATTER is back in the crease to cut
flighted , BATTER comes across and flicks for a single
tossed up on the stumps and clipped through mid-on , bringing up the SA 100
tossed up from round the wicket , worked away to the leg side
low full toss , bunted towards mid-on for his first run
floated up and whipped off the stumps
drops short outside off , cut firmly but it 's just a single to the man running around from deep point
lobbed up straight and worked off the front pad , BATTER a bit slow to respond to the call
pushed through and turned into the leg side
tossed up and worked through mid-on for one more
floated up and tucked away leg side with the spin
dotted on off stump , BATTER steers into a gap at point to finish the over with another single
lobbed up a touch straight , worked through mid-on for a single
round the wicket , pushed through flatter and worked off the pads
lobbed up nice and full , this is driven in front of square to the cover sweeper
length outside off , uses his feet to turn it into a half-volley as he works it out to mid-on . They scamper through for a single , FIELDER looks to throw down the stumps but it 's a very wayward through and he strikes BATTER flush on the backside ! Might be a bit of a bruise on that , but think he 'll be OK
length on the pads , tucked out to short midwicket for a sharp single
hung outside off , driven out to deep cover
length ball , very straight , pushed out to square leg
speared in on a length , inside edged out to backward square for one
tip-and-run out towards short cover , BOWLER raced down and nearly collided with BATTER but pulled out just in time
tossed up wide of the off stump , pressed to deep cover
back of a length , bounces sharply and BATTER pulls it out to deep backward square , slightly out of control
quickish again , dabbed down towards third man
tossed up , full and straight , nudged out to long-on
shimmies down the track to turn this in a half-volley , tucked out to wide mid-on where FIELDER fields
inswinger on a length , tucked out to square leg
yorker on fifth stump , dug out to mid-off and they race through for a single
tucked out through midwicket
shuffles across to the off side , tip-and-run into the covers and BATTER just about gets in ... FIELDER 's throw from point was just wide , would have been tight with a direct hit
back of a length , fended away off the ribs for a single through square leg
pushed down the ground , FIELDER makes a diving stop to his left at mid-off
half-volley outside off , mistimes the drive but they scuttle through for a single
length ball , defended into the covers and they race through for a single
length ball on fourth stump , nudged towards the vacant short leg region and they scurry through for a single
inswinger , tucked out to long leg via the inside half of the bat
length ball , angled away , steered down to third man with a hint of outside edge
length ball on the hip , tucked out to FIELDER at long leg . 81mph/130kph
length on the pads , BATTER is slightly cramped for room as he tucks it out to FIELDER at short midwicket for one
outswinger on a length , 86mph/138kph , steered down to third man . Good movement off the seam
pounded on the up to deep midwicket , BATTER takes the strike again !
banged in short , swished to backward square
filthy wide full toss , slashed on the bounce to third man
clipped off the toes , out to backward square . BATTER content to pick off another single
thumped on the up to cover ... BATTER regains the strike at last
tucked off the hip to the leg side . BATTER steals the strike again ! It probably wo n't matter to BATTER , but ...
driven into the off side
well , that was random . An inelegant chip into the leg side , as BATTER was bamboozled by some barely perceptible lift off the deck . Landed safe though , so on we go
full toss , BATTER picks his spot to pick off the single
back of a length , flogged to midwicket . BATTER rumbles onwards
full-faced drive into the off side
tonked to the leg side . 25 from 30 is the requirement
banged in short , and round-house-pulled to deep midwicket
short , wide , slapped over the covers to the sweeper
tapped into the covers , and well blow me down , BATTER is on 93 ... when did that happen ?
on the pads , and flicked to the leg side
wide of off stump again , but biffed firmly on the up to cover
a calm punch into the covers
crashed through the covers , another single to the deep-set field
another non-dot , into the off side
makes room for another dab to backward point
swished to the leg side for another single
tapped into the off side
low full toss , clipped calmly to midwicket
a hint of spin on a full length , BATTER plays it from the pitch with a clip to the leg side
on the hips , nudged backward of square
dabbed out to point , and another simple single
flashed down to long-on , with another roundhouse pull
width , and chopped to backward point . A better over for Windies , but they need a wicket fast
back of a length , nicely glided into the gap in the covers
flicked to the leg side , up comes the 300 in easy peasy time
on the hips , clipped to deep midwicket , and it 's a 37-ball fifty for the skipper , and it has n't even seemed a particularly rapid knock
very full , into the toes , eased down to wide long-on
cracked through the leg side
outside off , chopped to backward point
banged in short , BATTER latches onto another pull , behind square for another single
flowing drive , out to deep cover
back of a length , swished to short cover , and England take on the arm of Allen in the covers , to good effect
sliding onto the back foot , swished to long-off
on the hips , tapped behind square . Runs everywhere
easy drive into the covers
nudged to fine leg , another single
worked off the pads once more , bread-and-butter single
back and across , clipped to the leg side
pushed back onto the stumps , clipped to midwicket
into position early for the sweep once more , and placed out to the leg side
back of a length , clocked to mid-off
another pleasing cross-batted thump to deep midwicket
eased out to deep midwicket
a touch of width outside off , carved to deep point
so nearly the breakthrough ! Back of a length , a flimsy ramp from BATTER , carried all the way down to FIELDER at third man who drops the chance , tumbling forward ! Deary me ...
length outside off , 137kph and BATTER stabs it through the covers
touch back of a length , BATTER closes the face and turns wide of mid-on
short ball , wheeled away into the leg side
goes back and across and steers this for one
comes across and slaps through cover
full and straight , 141kph/87mph and whipped away through midwicket for one
short ball , 142kph and BATTER pulls smoothly through backward square leg
flighted , some spin outside off , BATTER plays it away square off the back foot
angled across from over the wicket , BATTER goes back and punches down the ground
pushed through , whipped away to the leg side but they elect not to push for two as deep midwicket hares in
back of a length , 78mph and BATTER works it off his hip
fuller , comes forward and drives through cover-point
short outside off , BATTER cushions a back-foot shot through point for one more
bit of width , slapped away through backward point , fizzing down to third man for his first run
shortish and shoveled off the hip to fine leg
tossed up and he stretches out to stroke through cover
tossed up , goes back and plays late through cover
back of a length and BATTER rolls the wrists on a pull to deep midwicket
dug in and he swivels fully on this to send the ball through square leg for one - England raise their 200 in the 26th over
back of a length , cracked through cover off the back foot
dropped ! Brilliant effort this time , from FIELDER , but he could n't cling on ! Hard , flat reverse-sweep from BATTER , FIELDER was going to his left and just got a hand to it
punched off the back foot through point , bringing up the 100 stand between these two
floated up outside off , BATTER punches through cover
pushed through quickly on the stumps and worked out to deep midwicket
sliding in towards middle and leg , BATTER clips it off his pads - they think better of pushing for two
tossed up and punched down the ground
tossed up and chopped through the off side
BATTER punches down the ground
tossed up and poked through the covers
BATTER goes back and punches to long-on
full on off , BATTER punches the single coming across
full and a touch wide , stroked through the covers for one
slightly short and BATTER swivels on it , again picks out a man in the deep at backward square leg - five singles off the over
fired in on the pads , tickled around the corner to short fine leg
dragged down and BATTER heaves into the leg side , bounces out to deep midwicket
tossed up and BATTER throws the bat , basically gets a thick inside edge to long-on
pushed through and slapped through the covers for one off the back foot
length ball , worked away off the pads
dropped ... ? Tough to call it that , but BOWLER did get a hand to this in his follow-through . Just an uppish punch from BATTER , hit the fingertips and disappeared to long-on
short of a length , BATTER swats at it and gets a thick outside edge down to third man - 50 stand between these two
pitched up and driven through the covers coming across
full and sliding on to the pads , just a tickle of inside edge
BATTER comes across and steers one square
flat offbreak , punched for one through mid-off
punched through the covers for one
stays back and dabs into a gap behind point
chance , but FIELDER ca n't get to it running back ! Top-edged hack across the line from BATTER and it goes swirling up behind the keeper , the big fella is circling from short third man - but ca n't get near it diving full length !
short ball , pulled from off stump through backwards square , just one to the sweeper
BOWLER drops a little short and wide , clouted off the back foot for one to the sweeper
worked into the off side , a decent opening over
eased out to deep point
reverse swept , England jog the easy single , and miss out on the easy two as FIELDER muffs his long barrier
tight line , pushed back onto the stumps and clipped to square leg
pulled to the leg side . England continue to cruise
drilled into the off side
worked to leg once more
opens the face , looking for a glide to third man , not this time
flicked to midwicket , singles sufficing for England
up on the toes , cut down to third man
back of a length , tapped to midwicket , more sharp singles . BATTER wanted two , but not this time
clipped to the leg side , much fuller and straighter
short , a top-edged pull , but lands safe at midwicket ! BATTER 's lack of timing saves his bacon on this occasion !
tucked to midwicket for the hundred . Just 12 overs to reach that mark ... which means they are comfortably ahead of the rate for now
outside off , chopped down into the gully and over the outstretched arm of a toiling FIELDER ... frankly I 'm astounded he 's bothered to take the field ... I 'm sure his hammies were aching earlier ...
pushed on the up to long-on
open-faced drive , down to third man
BATTER nurdles his way off the mark immediately , eased through backward square
angled bat , pushed out through backward point
full-faced push through mid-on . Ten overs gone , and England very much in the hunt
worked into the gap once again at backward square leg
full face , pushed to long on
whipped wristily to leg once again
flipped to the leg side once again
advancing to meet a length delivery , stubbed into the covers with a straight bat
flipped to the leg side
singles will suffice where available . England jog another to mid-on and continue to cruise along
line and length , worked down to mid-on once more
effortless clip through mid-on , angles like the rebound off the baulk cushion in snooker
drilled into the off-side , a fumble from FIELDER gifts the single
oooh , nearly ! BATTER is a touch early on a clip to leg , and squeezes the ball with a full face just wide of the scrambling midwicket
worked out to point
full face , nudged on the up to the off side
punched on the up into the off side
worked to the leg side
a straight-arm pump to long-off
on the back foot , flicked to the leg side
boshed on the up to long-off . That 's an excellently burgled over from BOWLER . Fast , full , flat , accurate
clipped off the toes to midwicket , and England are up and running
dragged down and plinked back past the bowler
flighted and clipped into a gap
tossed up on the stumps as BATTER reverses the hands , picks out point but they scamper through
full , taking pace off , poked into the off side for one - just four off the penultimate over
angled in and nudged for one
looped up , slow and spinning away , BATTER gets the shoulder of the bat on it
slower ball , BATTER waits in the crease and clips through backward square
hits a length on off stump , BATTER settles for a late dab behind square to get off the mark
floated up full on middle and off , BATTER steps back and chips over extra cover , stands a watches it ... but FIELDER dives to prevent four running round from long-off , and they only manage a single in the end !
pushed through and BATTER chops one more through the covers
worked away off the back foot
flighted , BATTER sweeps and gets a top edge that loops safely as short fine leg runs back
worked away off the pads
shortish and swatted away through the leg side hanging back
pitched up , BATTER step out and whips one through mid-on
tosses up the legbreak on off , soft hands from BATTER and they pinch one in front of backward point
flattish delivery on the stumps , BATTER punches it down the ground
dropped ! BATTER top-edges a googly , but FIELDER has to charge in off the rope and ca n't quite get there ! Not sure he got a hand on it , actually . BOWLER stands with his hands on his hips
slower ball , BATTER attempts to make room and swats one down the ground
outside off , goes deep in the crease and cuts for one
on the stumps , dragged through the leg side - decent over from
flighted legbreak , BATTER happy to nurdle another single
pushed through , BATTER wheels around and pulls to long-on
lobbed up and worked for one to the leg side
cut away into a gap
tossed up and spinning in , BATTER pulls through square leg
BATTER steps away , he 's followed by a flattish legbreak that he can only swat down the ground for one
tosses up a googly , BATTER goes back on leg stump and paddles it away through midwicket
pushed through and BATTER prods into the off side , has to hurry as FIELDER turns and fires a throw at the non-striker 's end ... he was practically hobbling through the crease but made it home
nudged into the leg side
slider from BOWLER , punched down the ground from in front of off stump
another wrong'un , outside leg and BATTER top-edges a sweep , disappears up and over the keeper for one
drops back and cuts for one in front of square on the off side
angled across in the channel , BATTER strokes through cover
short and wide and BATTER rocks back to cut one through point
skidding on , BATTER goes back and punches down the ground
short and wide , slapped away dismissively through point for one - the Boss has his hundred , of course he does ! Saunters up to the other end and takes off his helmet , then balances it on the bat handle as he raises both aloft . Cricket 's greatest hype man lives up to his own hype once again
back of a length , over off stump and BATTER jabs it down wide of midwicket for a quick single
very full and wide , driven to extra cover , who 's back on the edge of the ring
floated up on off , prodded watchfully into the covers for one
outside off , back of a length , dabbed down to the off side
fuller length , into the toes , drilled into the leg side
hoicked out to the leg side , up comes the 200 , with oodles more in prospect
on the back foot , dabbed to the leg side
better this time , yorker-length , on the pads , tucked to mid-on
worked down to third man
heaving into the line outside off , but ca n't line it up properly
flipped off the pads , and just out of FIELDER 's reach ! Stretching at short midwicket , but not quite tall enough
on the back foot , punched to cover
slower ball , BATTER waits on the back foot for a nudge to the leg side
fuller length this time , right under the feet for a back-foot drive to cover
back of a length , cut firmly out to the point sweeper
hurried pull , as this one skids on a touch , and hauled behind square
closes the face , and tucks one off the pads
open-faced drive from a full length , gathered at deep cover
turning into the pads , worked to the leg side , and another fine fifty from BATTER , his fastest yet in ODIs , and he 's been turning his starts to hundreds of late too
outside off , cut to deep cover
looped up , driven calmly down the ground to long-off
pulled out to the leg side
slower ball , rolling the fingers on a back-of-a-length delivery . Pulled off the hip to fine leg
nudged to the leg side , an easy single
banged in short , pulled off the eyebrows as BATTER ducks into the stroke , he was rather hustled by that one
nudged into the off side once more
stabbed to the off side
flicked out to deep midwicket
tucked to midwicket , decent tempo now between this pair
up on the toes , dabbed to the off side
eased down to long on
wide line , angled bat , dabbed through third man
opens the face , dabbed through third man , up comes West Indies ' 100
width , pumped on the up out to deep cover . Lovely elegant flow of the blade
nudged into the gap to keep the strike
back on a fuller length from round the wicket , pressed calmly into the off side
high-elbowed block to the leg side
straight-batted push back down the pitch , past the bowler . Sedate stuff
back of a length , leg-sided , a wide was there for the taking , but BATTER taps it nonchalantly to midwicket and accepts the single
back of a length on a wider line , firmly punched out to deep cover as BOWLER takes a tumble in his followthrough
back of a length , tight line , tapped to mid-off
on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
tossed up and worked down the ground
flatter , gripping a touch to hit the outside edge as BATTER drops back and pokes at it , the ball runs square into a gap for one
pushed through flat on off stump , BATTER dinks one down the ground to long-on
on the stumps , clipped wristily away through midwicket to the boundary rider ... BATTER was looking for two , but BATTER was n't keen
short and sitting up , maybe a cutter , BATTER sits back and swivels on a pull through backward square
short of a length , 131kph/80mph as BATTER drops back and works it away
pitched up outside off and dabbed through backward point for one more
short of a length and worked behind square
tossed up and played with the spin , gets him a single through square leg
worked off the pads for one
dropped ! A filthy hack from BATTER , steepling towards point as he tried to go over midwicket ... but FIELDER shells it after seemingly watching it all the way into his hands ! He got there on the run , but the ball hits the wrists and goes to earth
pitched up from over the wicket , BATTER punches through cover-point off the front foot
pushed through from over the wicket , going on with the arm and BATTER jabs at it , gets a thick , low outside edge for one
round the wicket , lobbed up on middle and leg , worked around the corner for one - polite applause for the West Indies 50 around the ground
shuffles into line and angles the bat to steer through backward point
slower ball on off stump , BATTER dabs into the covers and takes on the arm ... Just makes it home at the non-striker 's end
fullish on the stumps and worked away to leg
bit of width , 144kph/89mph and BATTER steers into a gap
shortish , clips the leading edge , but clears cover running back ! Extra spit from the deck , but the chance loops beyond FIELDER scampering back
offcutter from BOWLER , angling across the big southpaw , who glides another to third man
short of a length in the channel and BATTER dabs it through gully for one
round the wicket , speared in and fenced away off the back foot down to third man
dug in back of a length , BATTER rocks back and swats lazily off his hip
whizzed down a touch fuller , worked away off the pads for one
taking the pace off , paddled away into the leg side off the back foot
full outside off , the big man reaches away from his body and steers to third man
full and driven coming forwards , mid-off runs across to his right and they take the single
slower ball , BATTER waits for it and dabs square on the off side for one
flies in and hits a length , touch leg side and BATTER squirts his first run away to backward square leg
slower ball , chopped to point
looking for the yorker , clipped to the leg side
full and straight , squared up on the crease and he 's off the mark with a deflection to third man
back of a length , taking the pace off the ball , and BATTER 's hoick lobs safely to no-man 's land at midwicket
sweet contact with a thump into the covers , but only the single to the cover sweeper
standing tall on the back foot , looking for two , but just the single , as BATTER is happy to be up the other end for the start of the next over
nudged down to third man for the single
back of a length , pumped down the ground to long-on
on the pads , worked to the leg side
chopped out to deep backward point
clipped to the leg-side and should have been run out ! FIELDER swooped , flung , and missed by a whisker with BATTER not in the frame !
low full toss , tucked off the legs to midwicket
down on one knee , swept in front of square to the leg side
tucked out to backward square
back of a length , flogged out to the deep
flicked out to deep midwicket
speared into the pads , clipped to the leg side
clipped off the toes to midwicket
cracked on the up through wide mid-on , meeting the ball on the half-volley with an arrow-straight blade
flicked to the leg side
on the pads , nudged to leg for another single
sliding in and worked through backward square for a single - that 's the England 200 up
hits a length with an offcutter , this pops and takes the leading edge , lands safely in the covers
flattish on off stump and BATTER chops through the covers for one
tossed up and tucked off the hip
length ball , straightening on leg stump and nudged away through square
pushed through on the stumps and worked behind square on the leg side
length ball , BATTER comes down and works off his pads , thinks better of coming for two
fired in straighter , dinked down the ground to long-on
full offcutter from BOWLER , driven back past the bowler for one
back of a length , dropped down next to his toes and BATTER calls him through
length ball , punched for one to long-on
punched down the ground for one more
pitched up in the corridor , BATTER drives and gets a thick outside edge to thrid man
length on middle and off , punched down the ground
BOWLER whirs in and slings the ball down full outside off , BATTER drives and FIELDER pounces on it at backward point ... Then misses with a shy , with BATTER back , and they pick up one anyway
tucked away to leg for one more
sliding in with the arm , BATTER tucks it down towards midwicket
makes a bit of room as he comes down again and slaps through cover-point for one
pitched up , BATTER opens his shoulders and drilled a single to deep point
gets a touch straighter , clipped through backward square
tapped down into the off side
short of a length , flicked away off the pads
angled across and BATTER drops back to run one away off the face
short length and pulled away through square leg
tossed up and turned off the pads
dropped ! Reverse-sweep from BATTER , the ball was very full and squirted up towards backward point , a low catch but FIELDER grasses it ! His shocker in the field here in Barbados continues
tossed up and worked for one
flighted on leg stump , swept away through backward square leg
slow and loopy very wide of off stump , BATTER has to go reaching for it and stabs to deep point
flighted , driven down the ground to long-off
BATTER gets on to the front foot and strokes another single
floated up outside off and BATTER punches this through the covers
flatter , on off stump and driven square off the back foot for another single
floated up and worked with the spin , turned square for one
the legbreak spins in and BATTER tickles it down the ground
comes down and flicks through mid-on
tossed up and driven down the ground
punched into a gap
tossed up and battered through square leg , sweetly struck sweep but finds the man on the rope
pushed through and again he reverse-sweeps , hits the upper arm and goes behind square
dropped ! Tossed up and driven , FIELDER was the fielder diving to his left , but he let the ball slip through his grasp ! Windies ' centurion shells one
flat delivery outside off , not much turn from round the wicket , BATTER goes back to punch square
lobbed up and clipped down the ground for one to long-on
flatter delivery , BATTER goes back and punches through the off side to the sweeper
flighted , BATTER steps out and strokes one through cover
comes forward and clips this down the ground
short outside off and run away off the back for through backward point
slung down and chopped through point hanging back
shuffles across and works this ball through mid-on for a single to finish
roundhouse pull , does n't get up as much , and BATTER rolls his wrists to deep square leg
short and straight , BATTER climbs into a cramped pull to the leg side
deeper into the crease this time and clipped off the pads
flicked off the pads to midwicket
on the back foot , and worked to leg
eased down to long on
high-elbowed push into the off side
spinning down the leg side , sweep-slapped to backward square
clipped out to backward square leg . England 's rebuilding continues apace
swivelled out to deep midwicket
cramped on the legs , tucked to midwicket
outside off , chopped to point
clipped uppishly through the leg side , in the air for a while but never close to midwicket
open-faced stab through third man
short this time , pulled with no great intent out to midwicket
up on the toes again , stabbed down to third man
too short , clobbered hard at short cover , who half-stops the ball with a dive
lifting outside off , and BATTER goes with the flow , chopping on the up to third man
back of a length , picks the gap in the covers with a tip-toed punch
on the pads , worked to the leg side
very full , very straight , inside-edged defence to the leg side
low full toss , pressed with a straight bat to mid-off
on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
inside-edged drive to midwicket
on the pads , tucked to the leg side to open his account
pitched up , 137kph/85mph and dabbed carefully this time through midwicket
short ball , pulled but it 's off the splice and in the air ... short of long-on running in ! And he 'll only get a single , too !
full on off , BATTER drives sensibly down the ground for one and hands over to his partner
full and wide , 135kph/84mph and BATTER drills it through point , takes one - and keeps the strike !
on the stumps , flipped away through the leg side , they wo n't come back for two
full and swiped away to long-on
misses his mark with the yorker again , BATTER mistimes and slog and yells in frustration at himself again
full and wide and BATTER ca n't do much with it again ... No boundaries but still 10 off the over , thanks to the extras
pitched up straight and BATTER heaves away to deep midwicket
pitched up and slugged towards long-off , no timing and it bounces away
aiming for the blockhole again , 136kph/84mph and the ball tails away at BATTER heaves to leg , again there 's only one on offer to deep midwicket
full and straight and bunted down the ground to long-off - gets BATTER back on strike
goes full and straight and BATTER can only swing one down the ground to long-on
pitched up on the stumps , 134kph/83mph and pushed back past the bowler for one
full length , clubbed down the ground to long-off . BATTER is properly antsy that he did n't launch that
another slower delivery , spinning away outside off and BATTER slugs it down the ground for another single
full-bunger on off stump , pushed down the ground
slower ball , wide of off stump and swiped away through midwicket , again no timing on the shot
full , not quite yorker length , swung away through midwicket with an extravagant heave - but straight to the boundary rider
pitched up and holding its line , thick-edged down to third man
full , 139kph/86mph and shaping back in the channel , punched through cover coming forwards
fired in at the base of leg stump , dug out through mid-on
full toss from BOWLER , looked close to being a no-ball but the umpire 's happy ... chopped through backward point
good ball , 144kph yorker and BATTER can only dig it out for one
squeezed out for a single , they think better of trying for two
fired in straight , just manages to gets something on it behind square on the leg side
outside off , BATTER gets out his pitching wedge and dinks one to the edge of the ring , long-off has to come running in
full , 144kph/89mph in the channel and again BATTER ca n't do a lot with it , sliced down to third man for one to finish the over
short of a length , 143kph and pulled through the leg side without much timing
short ball , pulled away through midwicket to the sweeper
pitched up and bunted down the ground
fullish , 138kph/86mph and he nudges it off his pads walking across his stumps
fired in , full and wide and BATTER can only dig it out for one down the ground
slower ball , on the stumps and worked behind square on the leg side to get BATTER on strike
fired in full , 145kph/90mph outside leg stump from over the wicket , he can only bunt it down the ground
pitched up and sliced over the off side , shout of `` catch ! '' but it bounces safely out towards wide long-off
fired in straight at 146kph/91mph and dug out to the on side
pitched up and whipped off the toes , that single brings up the West Indies 200
short ball , targeting the batsman at 143kph/89mph and BATTER swings a pull away to deep square leg
round the wicket , 138kph/86mph outside the line of off , fenced through point for one
flipped off the pads , down to backward square
rolls the wrists to the leg side
dabbed out to point
thuds into the legs , tucked behind square
stabbed into the off side to complete a placid over
on the legs , nudged with an inside-out stance to fine leg
opens the face for a glide through third man
banged in short , pulled out to deep midwicket , where FIELDER gathers on the tumble
glided into the off side , a good recovery from BOWLER after his early indignity in that over
back of a length , cracked to cover for the single
flashed to the leg side again
gets into a tangle in his attempt to paddle to the leg side , ends up dabbing the ball down as it rises sharply , but not quite with the intended result
onto the front foot , and bashed into the covers
another short ball , slapped out to the leg side
walking across the stumps and clipped to the leg side
back of a length , flogged to the on-side and intercepted at mid-on
short again , hit down into the leg side . Time for a drink
more hustling off the toes to the leg side
worked off the pads once more
clipped to the leg-side , hustling the fielder but they ca n't make it back for the second
flicked off the toes , out to the leg side . BOWLER gives chase in his followthrough
on the pads , worked square again
back and across , and pressed into the covers for a single
worked to the leg side
tucked off the toes to long-on
leaning forward , clipped to the leg side
forward and pushed to cover
tossed up once more , a legbreak tweaking back in towards the pads , and helped round the corner with a nudge
whipped back onto the leg side , from deep in the crease
sliding back into the crease , attempted clip to the leg side
on the back foot , flicked to the leg side
soft-handed poke to the leg side
rolls the wrists on a carve through backward point , another single
angled into the pads , helped on its way to backward square
opens the face outside off again , a bit of a showboaty dive at point allows them through for the single
firmly forward , dabbed into the covers , another good quick single . Lots of intent now from West Indies ; Bet England 's fielders miss the peace and quiet !
width outside off , cut to point
poked into the covers
sliding onto the back foot , pushed to cover . Up comes the Windies ' 100
onto the front foot , tucked to the leg side , and a very quick single to hint at a more urgent approach between the wickets ...
knee-high full toss , clipped to the leg side , and up comes BATTER 's fifty ! His 50th in ODIs , and a brisker opening gambit than on Wednesday ...
outside off , slower ball , dabbed to backward point
angled bat , slashed down to third man , using the width as BOWLER angles one across BATTER 's bows
angled bat , into the off side
slightly too full this time , and clipped to the leg side
full face of the bat , pushed out to the off side
eased into the covers , on the front foot
full face of the bat , pressed into the covers
dumped out to the covers for another single
short , wide , slashed on the up through third man , and despite FIELDER having to scamper round to gather , they only get the single
nurdled off the hip and into the leg side
up on the toes , pushed into the covers . No qualms about the single this time
pitched up and dinked into the covers , this time they do saunter through
short ball , pulled smoothly up and over midwicket , the sweeper has to come around
fired in full , decent yorker from BOWLER , dug out for one
short of a length , 134kph/83mph and BATTER pulls one more through square leg
fullish , sliced slightly aerially past backward point , they get one to third man
pitched up , 133kph/82mph and whipped slightly square of midwicket
starts with a cutter that BATTER hangs back and guides through backward point for one
length ball outside off , 132kph/82mph and BATTER runs it calmly through backward point
shortish , at the body and shovelled away through square leg
stays back and nudges one off his hip
dug in short , 130kph/80mph but it makes life awkward for BATTER , who fends it away behind square on the leg side
pushed through wide of the stumps , BATTER cuts for a single
back of a length on off , dropped into the covers and they scamper through
drops a touch short , BATTER pulls wide of long-on for one
ambles down again and shovels this into the leg side
dropped into the covers and this time they do make the effort to pinch the single
dug in short , BATTER plinks a pull safely into a gap at midwicket
shortish , BATTER opens the face and steers between gully and backward point - but it 's just a single to third man
dug in , 131kph/81mph and it 's pulled without much timing into a gap at midwicket
full , taking the pace off , BATTER turns it off his pads for one
touch wider and BATTER steers this through backward point for one
squirted away through backward point
speared in on the stumps and nudged into the midwicket area
fired in and defended with a slightly open face , runs another single through backward point
swinging a touch , clips the outside edge as BATTER hangs back ... They amble through for one as third man rushes around the rope . No attempt to push for a second
shortish , played from the crease with an open face , gliding the first run of the day down to third man
full , 145kph/90mph outside off , steered through the covers for one more
banged in short , BATTER rides it and takes the blow on the glove , dropped into the leg side - that 's his half-century , his first in ODIs . But has he got another Eden Gardens finish in him ?
dug in short , BATTER slugs a pull through square leg
pitched up on off and driven through the covers
flighted , outside off and BATTER goes back and runs one more fine off the face of the bat
pushed thorugh on the stumps , whipped away to deep backward square
flighted , another big swing and he gets a thick edge to third third man
pushed through , big old heave-ho from BATTER , skews away off the outside edge
lobbed up , spins a touch and BATTER swipes down the ground
dug in short and BATTER pulls through backward square leg
goes full and straight , clubbed down towards long-on off the toe of the bat
short ball , pulled hurriedly through backward square for one more
short , taking the pace off , BATTER goes back outside off and dabs to third man
short ball , BATTER wheels on a pull for one to deep backward square
BATTER is struggling to lay bat on ball but squirts one into the leg side
short and at the hip , paddled down to fine leg
back of a length outside off , 134kph/83mph and BATTER cuts , gets a bottom edge to backward point
length on off , worked through mid-on for one
punched into the off side for one
back of a length , BATTER heaves at a pull and BOWLER ca n't quite get his hand on it diving across in his follow through
nothing to work with again from BOWLER , dabbed for one
length outside off and he sticks to the orthodox this time , pushed through the covers
length on off stump , turned to the leg side
slower ball , pitched up on off stump , BATTER plays around his front pad through midwicket
slower ball , nudged off the legs to short fine leg
tapped down into the off side , BOWLER hares after it and throws at the stumps as BATTER responds to the call ... Think he would have been safe
pitched up from over the wicket , BATTER swings hard and gets a thick inside edge through square to get off the mark
short and helped off the hip to deep backward square
flighted , BATTER heaves over the leg side , bounces to the midwicket sweeper
over the wicket , tossed up on off and stroked through mid-off , polite applause for the West Indies 300
pushed calmly to long-on for another single ... slowly , slowly , England are getting some control
swatted from a good length to midwicket
an open-faced glide out to deep cover
tapped on the up to deep cover ... two was the call , but BATTER is n't for turning at this stage of his innings !
swished across the line , attacking the full length , but the sweeper at deep midwicket limits the damage . This has been a good over so far for England
width on the back foot , punched out to deep cover for the single
worked to the leg side for another placid single
reaching for that wide line again , toe-ended to cover . Decent areas from
flicked to the leg side
on the pads , nudged to the leg side
back of a length , a wafty pull to midwicket , and again , an eerie sense of calm before the next storm descends
... he can , nudged from a full length , to the leg side . Respectful stuff from BATTER , who is steeling himself to go the distance
fenced off the back foot , past the sprawling point and gathered by the sweeper . BOWLER doing a fine job once more . Can he get out of the over cheaply ?
outside leg stump , tucked off the pads to short fine leg
smashed into the covers , an excellent one-handed pick-up from FIELDER , but the shy is wayward
back of a length , dabbed into the off side
on the back foot , and blocked into the off side
tickled off the hip , BATTER is looking stiff , as well he might
whisked to the leg side , off the back foot
full again , angled into the covers for another single
banged in short again , BATTER dangles his bat to dab a single to third man . BATTER is happy to play BOWLER from the non-striker 's end , in his best ( and only ) Boycott impression
pressed into the covers off the back foot
wafted into the off side
outside off , guided to third man
short , lifting into the ribs , fended to the leg side . BATTER will keep the strike
flipped off the toes to the leg side
back of a length , tapped to third man , another single to the cause
on the back foot , flicked out to midwicket
leg-stump line , BATTER is cramped for room
a cross-batted slap to the on-side . Mid-on gathers
a slap across the line , dragging the ball from outside off . That 's a better area from BOWLER , who finally finishes an elongated over
forward and defended back down the pitch
tucked off the toes to the leg side , another single
back of a length , BATTER sprints like it 's 1999 all over again , and through he comes for his second hundred of the series ! Fifty-five deliveries , batting as if his previous efforts had just been an extended net . He is bossing this contest , and no mistake ...
nudged off the pads , a jogged single , and BATTER keeps the strike on 99 ...
worked to leg
a languid single , down to long-off
edged , and FIELDER gets a hand to it at slip ! Close , but no cigar , diving it his left
tucked into the gap for another single
on the hip , and tucked to the leg side
wafted out to deep point , just enough width to toe-end it past the diving fielder
on the back foot , flicked with the spin to the leg side
sliced to third man
dug in short , 138kph/86mph and BATTER pulls , does n't get the timing but picks up one through midwicket
short of a length , leg side and worked away off the hip for one
floated up on the stumps , BATTER punches down the ground
tosses up another wrong'un , BATTER dabs it for one
pushed across and slapped down the ground for one
full on leg stump , 140kph/87mph and BATTER again glances one to fine leg
short , taking the pace off , swatted in front of point for one
length ball on the pads , whisked away through backward square leg for a single
good length , 134kph/83mph and BATTER cushions this into a gap for one coming forwards
shortish outside off and swatted away
dabbed down into the off side , respite for
length , 134kph/83mph over the top of off , BATTER makes a bit of room and drives to the cover sweeper
comes across and drops this into a gap
angled across , makes room and swipes through backward point
back of a length , 142kph/88mph and BATTER pulls , mistimes it towards mid-on
fullish on the pads , clipped through midwicket for BATTER 's first run , from his 10th ball
round the wicket , attempting to tuck BATTER up , he nudges off his hip
slower ball , tapped down to the leg side and BATTER lumbers into gear for a single
short of a length , wristy flick through backward square for one
short outside off , BATTER pats it away through point for one
round the wicket , full , tailing in a touch as BATTER drives and gets an inside edge
on the stumps and BATTER works across the line for one
length ball , straightening on middle and leg , BATTER is off the mark first ball with a clip square
touch back of a length on fourth stump and BATTER opens the face for one though backward point
flashed out to deep cover
cuffed without much decorum down to long off
an open-faced nurdle and up comes the 400 . Gosh .
slower ball , thumped down the ground
heave ho ! Out to deep midwicket with no real semblance of timing
width , toe-ended to cover
biffed down the ground
charging down the track , muscled back past the bowler , and BATTER as well , who sways as the missile sizzles past his ribs !
eased down to long-off
crashed to the leg side , wide and full
swing across the line to deep midwicket
full length from round the wicket , improbably calm push to cover
wide full toss , pushed with an open face out to deep point , who slips over for good measure
leans back on the cut , dropped at deep point ! Well , it 's not a boundary at least . FIELDER is the guilty party , and he was right there too ... whoops
back on a better length , crunched to the off side . Another costly over as the 300 comes up !
whipped to the leg side
flicked to the leg side from a wide line outside off
full length and cracked out to wide long-on
eased down to long-on
very full , stabbed back down the pitch at pace , and BATTER is pinned under the ribs at the non-striker 's end ! He hobbles through for the single , before pausing for treatment
tucked to backward square , another single
short , pulled , gathered on the bounce just inside the rope at deep midwicket
on the back foot , tapped to mid-on , and another quick scuttle between the stumps
round the wicket , angled into the pads , clipped to midwicket
fenced to the leg side
nudged off the pads to the leg side
nudged off the pads to deep midwicket
over the wicket , dragged a touch short , a closed-faced pull to deep midwicket
sliding back into the crease , whittled off the hip to midwicket
banged in short , swatted behind square for another single
compact drive to cover
width on a full length , flogged on the up to deep cover
slides back and across , clipped to deep square leg
nudged off the pads with a roll of the wrists to square leg
thumped across the line , up and over the leg side , on the bounce to deep midwicket
worked off the pads to the leg side , another single
round the wicket , looped onto a full length , thumped into the covers
nurdled off the hip to the leg side
pushed in a touch straight and BATTER gets this away off his pads
full outside leg stump and BATTER reverse-swipes it away through point - just one , though
dragged down slightly , BATTER goes back and cuts firmly in front of square , BATTER elects not to push for the second
pushed through on middle and leg , BATTER turns it off his pads
floated up full outside off and BATTER rams it through the covers
pushed through , BATTER goes back and pulls for one
pushed through and cut off the back foot through point for one
BATTER tickles this down the ground and Fabian Allen - on for FIELDER - misfields this time
floated up and stroked through the covers
darted on the stumps and worked down the ground to long-on
lobbed up and driven through the covers for BATTER 's first run
goes back and flicks through square leg
tossed up on off , BATTER taps it through cover
on the pads and worked through midwicket , BATTER thinks there 's two on to the boundary rider ... but BATTER is n't keen and bellows `` Nooooooooo ! ! ! '' BATTER trots back to his ground
touch short and leg side , BATTER tucks it away for one and gets off strike
defended square , BATTER does n't set off immediately and then leaves BATTER a bit of work to do ... but he makes it home
shouts of `` catch ! 2 as BATTER comes down and lofts a drive , comes off the outer half of the bat but lands safely in no-man 's land
full length once again , driven for a single this time
turned off the front pad through mid-on
hurtles in and skims the ball full on off , BATTER chops through point for a single
shortish , whipped away on the pull down to fine leg for one more
fuller , outside off and carved over the infield for one
short ball , swung away on the pull to fine leg
driven on the up , BATTER sends it fine of mid-off and takes off for one
back of a length on the hip , 142kph/88mph and glanced fine for one
goes back and across and strokes the ball square
full and straight , 142kph/88mph and BATTER works it off his pads , raises his bat for a half-century ... But can he supersize it ?
banged in at 145kph/90mph and BATTER hops across , guides it away to third man once more
angled in full on the pads and clipped through backward square
bit of width , 79mph and BATTER goes back , dabs through gully again - England opting to milk BOWLER now , rather than try to tonk it
back of a length , coming in from outside off , BATTER stays back and runs the ball to third man once again
fuller , bit of width and BATTER wafts a drive , thick-edged down to third man for one more
good length , 134kph/82mph and met coming across , steered down to third man
pitched up on the stumps and clipped through midwicket
on the pads , worked square
swished to third man with a cross bat
back of a length outside off , nudged into the gap
up on the toes , stabbed out to point . Decent over
flipped off the pads to wide mid-on for the single
swung to the leg side , on a full length , they scamper the single
up on the toes , and defended to the on side
head over the ball , driven elegantly back past the non-striker 's stumps
hauled to the leg side , slightly early on the stroke , as he was aiming into the covers
fuller length , a calm nurdle to long on
pressed to short cover , off the back foot
on the legs , worked square to get off the strike
nurdled through third man this time , leaning on the width to pick the single
good connection off the toes , but midwicket pounces well to cut off the run
a mow across the line , a top-edge to third man
slower ball , picked and blocked
a dirty swipe into the leg side to get off the mark . Yes , Hetty , he 's in the mood ...
full and straight , tapped to mid-off
full length , rolls the fingers and a moral victory as BATTER for once mistimes his mow , an inside edge to the leg side
slower ball , tapped to cover , and BATTER has a 19-ball fifty ! The fastest in ODI history by a West Indian batsman . He 's got something left in the tank for the World Cup , it would seem ...
quick again , tucked off the hips
short again , BATTER pulls and gets it through backward square leg for one
back of a length , jabbed off the ribs for a single off the first ball
fuller on off stump , BATTER does n't move his feet and stuns it back past mid-off for one
dug in , 138kph/86mph and a touch wide , BATTER throws the bat and skews a thick edge down to third man on the bounce
short of a length on the hip and flicked fine for one
dug in , BATTER pulls this time - `` caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch ! '' yells BOWLER . But it 's about 10 yards short of carrying to fine leg
tossed up up outside off and driven through the covers
lobbed up and worked away off the pads , muted applause for the England 100
back of a length and tucked off the hip for one
floated up and clipped down the ground to long-on
flighted , BATTER makes some room and cuts to the sweeper for one
BATTER stays back and works off his pads
floated up from round the wicket and tapped into a gap
banged in again , BATTER fends ... and just clears backward square leg ! No idea where that was going , but he survives
steered through backward point for one
tossed up full and BATTER sweeps hard but picks out the boundary rider for one
pushed through and tucked off the hip
pushed through on off stump , clipped off the pads through backward square
shortish , well outside off but BATTER is back and across early , worked through midwicket for one
straighter , angling in and tucked short of midwicket for a quick single
short of a length and pulled down through backward square leg for a single to finish
short and a touch leg side , flicked down to fine leg for his first run
lift from a good length ! BATTER gloves this one down into the crease with a bit of discomfort
angled into the hips , jabbed to the leg side
on the pads , and tucked to the leg side

fenced off the legs to deep square
gives himself room with a wild slash over gully ! Gets just enough bat on it to clear gully but falls short of third man
on the back foot , nudged to the leg side , sliding across the stumps to combat the angle into the body
angled defence into the off side
instantly driven , skims off a thick edge , wide of the slips and down to third man
fuller length on a leg-stump line , clipped uppishly to midwicket for the single
flicked to the leg side , off the hip
back of a length , more uncomfortable bounce into the ribs , and tucked to the leg side
solid block , inside-edged defence to the leg side , and they take the single to square leg
pushed through and driven off the back foot through mid-on
floated up and clipped through midwicket
lobbed up full on leg stump , punched down the ground to long-on
pushed across the left-hander on a length , Imam dabs towards third man
darted down short and a touch leg side , clipped off the hip behind square
nudged into the covers , and it is suddenly lashing down !
opens the face on a press into the covers , as the rain just begins to fall again ...
on the back foot , flicked to the leg side , BOWLER banging out a fairly full but high-kicking length
pressed off the back foot , out to the deep point boundary where BATTER hustles round to gather
flipped off the toes and out to deep backward square , a fraction too straight that time
floated up and punched wide of mid-off , Imam is comfortably home despite a direct hit
darted outside off , FIELDER again rotates the strike with a clip to the off-side sweeper
Imam gets a stride in and punches through cover
too straight and worked away for one more
length ball , on the pads and FIELDER can whip it away through midwicket for one
chopped through point for one
dug in short and Imam whirls around to pull through backward square leg
at the body again , back of a length at 87mph , worked into a gap at midwicket for another single
width outside off and dabbed through backward point
back of a length , aiming for the ribs at 83mph but Imam rides it and swats one fine
pitched up and straightening a touch , slaps the knee roll as Imam flicks across the line - BATTER goes up but that 's optimistic , surely pitched outside leg
short ball , FIELDER latches on a flips a pull out to deep square
pushes forward , slightly down the wrong line and it skips away off the outside edge for one
82mph in the channel , FIELDER drops back and dabs to third man
length in the corridor , 82mph and FIELDER slides it down to third man
back of a length , tucked off the legs
fullish , 83mph and driven but mid-on does well to get across and prevent it running past for four
touch fuller than his regulation length , 88mph just outside off and pushed into the covers for one
full and shaping in as Imam tucks into a gap at midwicket
touch fuller and clipped off the pads , there 's a single on offer as midwicket runs in
short of a length , Imam camps on the back foot and nudges another single fine
shortish and swatted down to fine leg on the pull
BATTER starts slightly short and leg side , worked off the hip square for the opening run
pushed through and driven off the back foot through mid-on
floated up and clipped through midwicket
lobbed up full on leg stump , punched down the ground to long-on
pushed across the left-hander on a length , Imam dabs towards third man
darted down short and a touch leg side , clipped off the hip behind square
nudged into the covers , and it is suddenly lashing down !
opens the face on a press into the covers , as the rain just begins to fall again ...
on the back foot , flicked to the leg side , BATTER banging out a fairly full but high-kicking length
pressed off the back foot , out to the deep point boundary where FIELDER hustles round to gather
flipped off the toes and out to deep backward square , a fraction too straight that time
floated up and punched wide of mid-off , Imam is comfortably home despite a direct hit
darted outside off , BATTER again rotates the strike with a clip to the off-side sweeper
Imam gets a stride in and punches through cover
too straight and worked away for one more
length ball , on the pads and BATTER can whip it away through midwicket for one
chopped through point for one
dug in short and Imam whirls around to pull through backward square leg
at the body again , back of a length at 87mph , worked into a gap at midwicket for another single
width outside off and dabbed through backward point
back of a length , aiming for the ribs at 83mph but Imam rides it and swats one fine
pitched up and straightening a touch , slaps the knee roll as Imam flicks across the line - BOWLER goes up but that 's optimistic , surely pitched outside leg
short ball , BATTER latches on a flips a pull out to deep square
pushes forward , slightly down the wrong line and it skips away off the outside edge for one
82mph in the channel , BATTER drops back and dabs to third man
length in the corridor , 82mph and BATTER slides it down to third man
back of a length , tucked off the legs
fullish , 83mph and driven but mid-on does well to get across and prevent it running past for four
touch fuller than his regulation length , 88mph just outside off and pushed into the covers for one
full and shaping in as Imam tucks into a gap at midwicket
touch fuller and clipped off the pads , there 's a single on offer as midwicket runs in
short of a length , Imam camps on the back foot and nudges another single fine
shortish and swatted down to fine leg on the pull
BOWLER starts slightly short and leg side , worked off the hip square for the opening run
full and straight , dug out through mid-on - and that seals England 's victory by 12 runs ! Phew
pitched up and chipped over cover to the sweeper , just a single and BATTER looks like he knows this has gone
full , 84mph and squeezed off the toe , FIELDER topples over at short third man to prevent four !
back of a length , BATTER pulls but that 's just one to deep square leg
short ball at the body , helped away to deep backward square and FIELDER gives chase
full , wide and chopped into the ground and they pinch one
short ball , coming back in as BATTER swipes up and under and down to third man for one
another wide yorker , big swing but he can only plink it towards mid-off
that 's basically a full toss but it 's so wide BATTER can barely reach and one off the toe is the result
tossed up on off , clubbed down the ground and it 's one to long-off
floated up and worked away
extraordinary ... BATTER is standing well outside leg , BOWLER follows him with a googly and the batsman nearly plays it directly on to his wicket ! Gets a single and laughs about it at the other end
short ball , taking the pace off again , swatted through backward square
full , 86mph towards the blockhole and dug out to the left of mid-on - that 's the Pakistan 300 up
banged in and swatted down to fine leg for one more
takes the pace off , mistimed pull and it bounces wide of mid-on for one
shortish , on the hip and glanced fine , FIELDER dives to cut it off and short fine leg
whipped away into the leg side for a couple more
pitched up in the channel , possibly a cutter and BATTER dabs it for one
short ball on off , BATTER swivels and slaps one to deep square
banged in , 85mph and BATTER clubs it up and over midwicket , one bounce to the boundary rider
back of a length over off stump , BATTER happy to drop the ball square and pilfer a single
short and wide of the stumps , taking the pace off and BATTER hops across to pull through midwicket for one
shortish , 82mph and tucked off the hips for one
shortish , heaves across the line ... and drags an inside edge just past leg stump ! Streaky but he 's off the mark
short on the body and flicked down to fine leg for a single
pushed through on middle stump , clipped to long-on
on the stumps , worked down the ground
punched to mid-off , chance for FIELDER to throw down the non-striker 's stumps ... but he misses ! Buries his head in his hat
worked off the pads for one
dropped ! Floated up , BATTER frees the arms again , not got hold of this ... but FIELDER shells it running in from long-on ! That could be another big moment in this chase
floated up and worked along the carpet through mid-on
tossed up and chipped through mid-off , shout of `` catch ! '' from FIELDER but that area was vacant
flat outside off , cut off the back foot for one
steps down and punches through mid-off
floated up full , worked away off the pads
fighted on middle and leg , BATTER clips down the ground
floated up outside off , BATTER sweeps and gets one away through backward square leg
makes a bit of room and punches this through mid-on
stays over the wicket , tosses up a googly that BATTER plays from the crease , prodded square to get off the mark
flighted , spinning away and swatted through cover point to get off the mark
turned off the stumps to midwicket , just one this time
wide line , angled into the stumps , dabbed to third man
eased down to long off
opens the face , glides the cut to third man . The 200 is up , and Pakistan are cooking
wider line outside off , drilled on the up to the cover sweeper
hoisted to the leg side again
poked to the off side
clears the front leg once more for a mighty mow to midwicket . He does see it well , picking up length from the moment it leaves the hand
forward , punched to the off side
short , and tugged behind square to the leg-side sweeper
open-faced glide through to third man
bashed into the leg side , another single to the cause
clunked into the covers , meeting the full length and wide line with an open-faced drive
hoisted out to the leg side , slightly back of a length
similar line , difficult to free the arms when the ball is bouncing into your hip
short , pulled , not timed , gathered at midwicket
easing onto the back foot , deflected off the pads for a single to midwicket
back of a length , swinging into the pads , helped round the corner to backward square
leaning forward , worked to the leg side
banged in hard , into the gloves as BATTER pulls , gathered behind square
connects this time , a biff out to midwicket
tight line , back of a length , deflected down to third man
very full , floated up to the bat , and pressed down the ground to mid-off
back of a length , cracked out to deep midwicket . That 's the 150 . A mountain still to climb , but Pakistan are still at the races
leaning onto the front foot , meeting the full length with a full face . FIELDER half-stops in the covers
a leg-sided thwack , more lovely solid contact , but the sweeper is in situ once more
tucked to the leg side , back of a length
short again , not a lot of swing on that length , a hurried pull out to midwicket
fenced down to third man , hanging back in the crease once more
flicked off the pads to the leg side
showing his stumps , telegraphing the off side , and worked into the gap
hoisted out to the leg side , slightly back of a length
pushed down the ground
googly , met on the back foot , tucked to square leg
gently turning legbreak , punched on the up to point
chopped to the off side , anchored in the crease
oooh , close to dragging on ! Given some more air , BATTER opened his shoulders and threw the bat , like a man swiping at an angry bee , only gets an inside edge to short fine leg
makes a bit of room on leg stump and clips one more into the deep
tossed up and driven into the covers
drifting in and drilled down the ground
quicker googly from BOWLER , nearly catches BATTER unawares , chops down for one to midwicket
sliding on outside off , BATTER drops back and dabs behind point
floated up from over the wicket , punched down the ground
tossed up and drilled down the ground for one
tossed up and pushed into the off side , FIELDER scampers forward but ca n't prevent the single
round the wicket , angled in and worked to the on side
tosses up another Bosie and BATTER dabs behind point for a single
tossed up and spinning away , cut off the back foot through point
floated up on the stumps and turned away into a gap
flat trajectory on middle and leg , BATTER nudges it away through square leg
waits on a length ball and then whips it away through square leg
full and worked to the leg side
another wrong'un , going away outside off and slapped in front of square on the off side
full and fighted on the stumps , punched down the ground
tossed up and worked to leg again
tossed up outside off , clipped through the covers on the front foot
fullish , tucked back down the ground and they dash through for another single
pushed across the bows this time , 87mph and punched to the cover sweeper
short , pulled in the air , but lands well in front of FIELDER running in off the boundary
floated up and Imam clips this away through backward square leg
fired in on the stumps and pushed back down the ground coming forwards
slightly short and dragged into the leg side
worked off the pads through square leg
angled in and clipped through midwicket for one
tapped into the leg side for a single
dropped down into the off side
pitched up , slower delivery and BATTER can only check if back towards the bowler , who gets a hand on it but ca n't prevent a run
length , nipping back a fraction , blocked wide of extra cover and they hustle the single
BOWLER sends down a cutter , outside off and played very fine by Imam for another single
length on the pads , 84mph and whipped in front of square for a single
back of a length , Imam opens the face and dabs behind point
length ball on off and steered into a gap
goes back and across and guides this down to third man
bit of width and he slashes without timing into the covers for one
slightly short on the stumps , 82mph and Imam works it through midwicket
sliding across the bows , 83mph and steered down to third man for one
short ball , Imam is quick on the pull but mistimed , just dribbles through midwicket to the sweeper
touch short , 84mph and steered to backward point where FIELDER ca n't take it cleanly
tapped into the covers , Imam gets through at the danger end as FIELDER races in and fires off a throw
length ball on middle and leg , Imam gets off the mark straight away with a prod between mid-on and midwicket
that 's a quality final over , just worked to the leg side to complete another blistering innings
worked off the pads to deep midwicket
very wide line , cracked to cover , to bring BATTER back on strike
well bowled , full and straight , BATTER ca n't do much but dig it out
wide full toss , eased to deep point for the single
flopped down to long-on , not quite timed , but it brings BATTER onto strike ...
bottom hand at play again , thumped to long-off
over-pitched , slapped behind square , and a comedy misfield nearly tempts them into a second
low full toss , speared into the pads , BATTER thumps leg-side , and up comes the 300
thumped into the off side , very full once more
up on the toes , decent line and length , pumped into the off side
eased into the covers , and up comes BATTER 's fifty , he 's in quietly fluent form at the moment
flipped off the back foot through square leg
boshed into the covers , BOWLER has found a much better length in this over
advancing again , ends up yorking himself a touch , and flogs to cover
chiselled off the toes to the leg side . The end of a decent spell from BOWLER , much better than his figures imply
flicked off the toes , out to deep midwicket
on the back foot , pushed to cover
tucked to the leg side , BATTER again wants two , BATTER again says not on your nelly
back of a length , worked into the gap
picked up from just back of a length , a solid connection but gathered on the bounce at deep midwicket
worked into the covers , head over the ball and gathered in the deep
advancing down the pitch , meeting the ball with a determined chop through the off side
right up to the toes once more , flicked round the corner
speared into the toes , deflected to the leg side
back of a length , leg-stump line , BATTER is eager for the second , from a flick to square leg , but BATTER is n't so sure
leaning on the stroke outside off , deflected to backward point
nudged on the up into the covers
worked into the covers , off the front foot
chiselled into the leg side
outside off , sliding on with the arm , chopped hard to deep cover
flipped through midwicket to get off the mark straightaway
pushed through outside off , BATTER swats off the back foo through cover
full of a length , 83mph and pushed through the covers
driven into the covers for one
fullish from round the wicket , punched through the off side
BATTER comes across and opens the face to glide one to third man
short ball , BATTER on strike as they crossed , swatted away along the carpet
dug in short , 82mph and BATTER rolls his wrists on a pull for one
hustles in and pitches up around off stump , clipped through cover for one
clears the front leg and attempts to hit down the ground , ricocheting into the covers for one
pushed through and driven down the ground to long-on
floated up full and BATTER reverses the hands , FIELDER cuts it off with an ungainly dive at backward point and they pinch a single
short and ramped over gully , shout of `` catch ! '' but it was never close to carrying to third man
full around off stump , 84mph and BATTER punches through cover down on one knee
comes across and steers a drive to the cover sweeper
skidding through at 86mph on a length outside off , BATTER dabs it down to third man
slow full toss on leg stump and BATTER nearly makes a mess attempting to sweep , straight off the shoulder of the bat but it loops short of short fine leg
floated up full and worked down the ground for one
back of a length , BATTER stands tall and lashes a cut through the infield
length ball on off , BATTER thick-edges down to fine leg
short of a leg , crunched through the off side
flicked away through the leg side
short ball , pulled from outside off but the connection is poor and he 'll only get one to deep midwicket
in the channel outside off , BATTER goes back and glides one more to third man
full on the stumps and driven back past the bowler
throws the hands and squirts an inside edge to fine leg
flighted around off stump , BATTER punches through mid-off for one more
steps out and drives straight back down the ground
lobbed up on the stumps , BATTER tickles it through mid-on
short of a length , defended towards his toes and they amble through as BOWLER follows through down the pitch
chopped down and through backward square off an inside edge
length outside off and chopped down to third man off the back foot
floated up and BATTER is down early to swing away a sweep through square
fullish , bit of drift and driven through mid-on again
comes forward this time and punches to long-on
on the stumps and flicked out to deep midwicket
tossed up and punched to long-off once more
makes a bit of room and drills down the ground
tossed up and driven down the ground
lobs up a full toss , battered through mid-off for one
shortish length and worked off the hip for a single to fine leg
tossed up and driven through extra cover for a single
in the air but only briefly , chipped down the ground through mid-off
looped up on the stumps and BATTER leans out , turns one square off the inside edge
darted on off stump , BATTER stuns it into the covers for one
hauled from outside off to the leg side , and up comes BATTER 's fifty . A fine return to action , he has n't been in vintage nick , but he 's got time in the middle and no sign of his back problem either
driven on the up , into the leg side once more
back of a length , sliding through , clonked to mid-on
attacking the stumps once again , pressed off the front foot to mid-on
probing line , no width to work with
rising delivery on off stump , BATTER leans back to deflect a measured late cut to third man
flicked off the toes , out to the leg side once more , finds the gap this time
tickled off the thigh pad to backward square
nudged off the toes to midwicket
punched down to long-off
defensive drive to the off side
leaning forward , nudged off the toes to the leg side
a flat-batted crack into the covers
very full , well dug out into the off side , and a quick glance is enough to secure the quick single
full length , thumped down the track
pulled out to the leg side
flicked out to deep midwicket , that 's a very tidy over
darting into the bat , on the back foot , and worked to the on side
tip-and-run , a quick call for the single to mid-on , and the shy goes wide as England 's 50 comes up
whipped into the leg side , a KP-lite flamingo flick . Takes on the shy from midwicket and wins
back of a length , a stiff-armed pull through midwicket
full length , outside off , hoicked into the leg side , not really timed as the bat turns on impact , but plenty ambition in the stroke
an inside-out drive into the covers as BATTER stays leg-side of another indipping dart
flicked fine , no spin on offer , it 's all about the angle into the right-handers
flicked into the gap at mid-on
squirty drive , down through third man , full length and nipping away late
tucked to square leg for the single
wide line , angling into the toes , clipped to the on side
back of a length , and that will test the robustness of BATTER 's back , as he takes on the quick single to mid-on , and wins
back of a length on leg stump , deflected square and off the mark straightaway
pushed into the covers . England have demolished a massive target with 5.1 overs to spare !
hoicked to the leg side , scores level
pushed calmly down to long-on
misses the yorker but not by much , worked to the leg side
fuller length , a decent yorker , but timed with some power to deep point
on the back foot , tapped to the leg side
full toss , an open-faced skew down to third man
outside off , through to the off side
very full , tailing in , blocked to the off side
outside off , in BATTER ' arc but he ca n't quite time his thump into the covers
round the wicket , angled in , stabbed to cover
nudged down to third man once more , an easy get-out single there virtually every ball
banged in short , hit down behind square , body over the ball
dangled down to third man
short , outside off , BATTER goes for the ramp , loops a dolly just out of point 's grasp ! My goodness , he should have done better ... nope , that 's a dropped catch from FIELDER ... whoops
pressed into the covers
firmly pumped into the covers , the shy comes in but BATTER is home
flat outside off , BATTER cuts through point off the back foot for his first run
comes forward and punches this through mid-on
sprayed outside off , dabbed to third man from the crease
short , skidding on and paddled away behind square
pushed through and driven into the covers coming forwards
tossed up , BATTER punches through mid-off
fired in on the stumps and whipped to long-on along the carpet this time
floated up from round the wicket , BATTER drives down the ground to long-on
full and driven , this time BATTER does want one and hares down to the other end as FIELDER has a shy and breaks the stumps ... but he was comfortably in
full and wide of off , BATTER steps into a crisp front-foot drive for one
punched into a gap in the covers for one
comes across and pushes into the covers , BATTER starts to come down and the wheels around to return to his crease
on the stumps and flicked behind square - polite applause for the England 250
shortish , 84mph and whipped through backward square on the pull
length ball , 83mph and BATTER comes across the dab it down to third man
tapped into a gap for one
fired in on the stumps from round the wicket , flicked to leg
slightly wider line , 81mph and BATTER dinks one into the covers
fullish and clipped to midwicket , FIELDER throws the the bowler 's end and they steal a single as the ball ricochets away off the stumps with BATTER 's bat grounded
dug in short , bit of bite and YJB cracks a pull to the man in the deep
good length in the channel , dabbed down to third man to get off strike
flat on middle and leg , BATTER tootles across and flicks behind square for one more
pushed through and nudged off the front pad as BATTER takes mercy
tossed up and punched into the covers
dug out towards mid-on ... seems to be a bit of back and forth between BATTER and BOWLER afterwards , BATTER tells his mate to `` leave it out , ' e 's not worth it mate ''
pitched up and driven through the covers
straight line again and this is worked away behind square
lobbed up , YJB steps down and punches through mid-off , there 's his hundred , from 74 balls ! His first in 15 innings since last summer at Trent Bridge , a dazzling knock carrying on the form he showed at the IPL recently
outside off , BATTER loses his shape a touch as he slices up over pointq
angled in with the arm , BATTER punches back down the ground
skips down and clips a drive through mid-off
stroked into a gap in the covers coming across , just a single though
slightly shorter , 82mph and BATTER swats it down to third man
pushed in towards the stumps and BATTER flips it around the corner
clipped through mid-on for one
touch short , driven off the back foot towards extra cover and there 's a lackadaisical attempt to field one-handed which gives them a single
pitched up and drilled through cover point to the sweeper
darted quickly wide of the off stump , YJB thrashes one through point
flattish outside off , BATTER drops back and chops one through point
length on middle and leg , punched down the ground
back of a length and short-armrd through midwcket for one
short and a touch leg side , 80mph and worked off the hip to get going
dug in and BATTER wallops a pull on the bounce to deep midwicket
back of a length outside off , again they settle for one steered behind point
back of a length outside off , pace off again and BATTER dabs down into the covers
slower ball from BOWLER , whipped away leg side and crowd give FIELDER a jovial cheer as he fields cleanly this time
length ball wide of the stumps , guided down to third man
punched into the covers
round the wicket to tighten up the angle , stabbed off the back foot to mid-on
sliding onto the back foot , tucked to midwicket , a direct hit will be tight ! ... but it zings just wide ! Zoinks . He was camped on the back foot and slow to set off
honked to the leg side , a slightly muffed sweep , but it 's another single
hoisted to the leg side once more
gives himself oodles of room outside leg , and slams a drive into the covers
tapped to the leg side , another single
flashed hard into the covers , more solid connection on the back foot
fenced down to the off side , another single
on the back foot , tapped to mid-on , an instant call and safely through
flicked with the spin ( what little there is ) out to midwicket
back of a length , lashed back at the bowler , and BOWLER is hobbling ! That crashed hard into his left foot , and the boot comes off for some running repairs . He instinctly stuck out his leg to intercept the shot and immediately regretted it !
sliding back and across , a flick to midwicket , a lucrative area for both teams today
stretching forward and defended hard down the pitch
opens the face for a bottom-handed bash to third man , attacking the wide line
flipped to the leg side
flopped to cover , and that 's a terrible drop ! Slapped off a short length , with the aplomb of a man using a frying pan , and it 's lobbed straight into FIELDER 's hands and out again !
rolls the fingers on a good length , pops into a defensive stab .
pinged through midwicket once more , lots of bottom hand in his late wristy flick . Half stopped as they jog the single
a nudge to third man
on the legs , flicked square , not quite timed but they rush the single
back of a length once more , flicked with power to deep square leg . BATTER is finding his timing now
very full , into the toes , jabbed to mid-off . That was the slower ball , and pretty effective as BATTER digs down late
short , and slapped through midwicket , well timed but the sweeper tidies up
on the back foot , jabbed to midwicket , a good single to follow up
nudged to the leg side , tight lines from Pakistan 's seamers
up on the toes , patted to mid-on for the single
back of a length , paddled off the pads to square leg
outside off , dabbed to point
punched in the air , down to third man , not entirely aligned to the stroke as the ball angles away from the right-hander
slower ball , BATTER backs away and dabs to short third man
back of a length , 85mph and swung down to fine leg for another single
shortish , 83mph and slapped through midwicket to the boundary rider
dug in outside off , 82mph and chopped down to third man
back of a length outside off , 81mph and BATTER blocks into the covers , scampers up the other end
short of a length and swatted away on the pull for one
pitched up and driven to extra cover , FIELDER has a shy with the batsman stretching for his ground ... Does n't hit
banged in at full pace this time and BATTER flaps a pull into the leg side for one
on the stumps , 84mph and BATTER works it away to deep midwicket again
good length on middle and off , BATTER opts for a forward defensive down the ground for one
pitched up and clipped off the toes for one to get off the mark
full on the stumps , Imam slaps a drive which ricochets off the non-striker towards mid-on
pitched up outside off , 85mph and clunked down the ground for one
banged in , taking the pace off and Imam can only swat one into the deep again - but that 's enough to raise 150 , a fine knock from Imam and still he goes on
short again , possibly cutting his fingers over it and BATTER picks out deep midwicket
short of a length , does n't get hold of the pull
full length , 81mph and tailing in to cramp Imam as he drives and squeezes out one into the covers
full and straight and whipped off the toes - 300 up for Pakistan
pitched up and tucked off the front leg
full , up towards the blockhole , punched down the ground
fuller , bit of width and driven through the covers without timing
fullish and clipped off the toes
goes short now , 84m [ ph and although he connects with a sweet pull , one to deep square leg
pitched up , 82mph and slapped through cover point to the sweeper again
full and wide , hard to get under those and BATTER flubs to extra cover for one
dropped behind square on the leg side , another quick single , FIELDER this time sidefoots on to the stumps ... ! They go up to the TV umpire but this time BATTER had run his bat in with enough urgency , FIELDER Gaffaney quickly sends back a 'not out '
full and wide from round the wicket , dabbed for one
short and on the hip , flicked away via some inside edge , that 's a half-century for BATTER , second in a row ! Brief wave of the bat , but he 's got plenty of scope to spread his wings here
short again , sitting up and swatted away to deep square leg
short outside off , slower delivery , BATTER rocks back and pulls to deep midwicket
swings hard and plinks one into the leg side
fullish , 85mph and poked into the covers for another single
on the stumps and flicked through square leg
length ball , tight to middle and off , 76mph this time and dabbed to cover point
back-of-the-hand slowie , BATTER backs away and slaps though the covers
short of a length outside off , goes back and angles the bat for one to third man
pitched up and clipped off the toes
round the wicket , slower ball and Imam does n't get hold of another attempted cart over midwicket
back of a length , 82mph outside off and patted down for one
dabbed down into the off side , BOWLER hares across but wo n't prevent a single
shortish outside off , dabbed through gully off the back foot
pitched up and punched short of mid-off
banged in short , this is pulled in the air on the bounce to deep square leg
straighter line and tucked off the pads
whipped off the pads , no doubt about it , ODI hundred No6 for Imam , off the comes the helmet in celebrations , looks to the sky and there 's a sajda to follow . Now , can he supersize this one ?
shorter , pulled off the back foot flat through square for a single
smashed with an open face into the covers
tapped into the off side , a sharp single as the shy hits the stumps
clipped urgently to the on side , another rushed single
nudged to the leg side
outside off once more , flashed out to point and intercepted by a diving point
round the wicket , gets a touch big on the pull , but rolls the wrists well to deep backward square
on the pads , clipped firmly to midwicket , Pakistan keep the runs coming
flicked in front of square for another single
opens the face , chopped down into the crease , short third man tidies up as Imam moves stealthily into the 90s
leaning forward , worked to the on side
squares up on a good line and length , blocked into the covers
another full toss , that 's a poor over to be frank , but he gets away with it as mid-on pounces
better length , into the toes , tucked to the leg side
loopy doopy , flighted onto a full length , calmly driven to mid-off . Landed that one well . Better than his first ball in Cardiff , anyway
nudged down to third man to keep the strike
short , and flicked with intent to the leg side , nicely timed to deep midwicket
eased off the toes with a closed face
leg-sided , eased to square leg with solid contact
over the wicket , dragged down to long-on with a quickstep down the pitch
tossed up to the toes , tucked to mid-on for the single
better line and length , over the wicket , and attacking the off stump , pressed to point from deep in the crease
rolls the fingers , on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
round the wicket , back of a length , dabbed to third man
poked off the pads , to the leg side
rising on off stump , opens the face to work the single
on the pads , tucked square
on the toes , clipped to deep midwicket
nudged off the pads , a bit sloppy from England as the shy is fumbled by FIELDER and deflects for an overthrow
short , a swishing pull , in comes the shy as they turn for the second , and BATTER has to scamper
steered behind point with an open face
round the wicket , slower ball , angled into the left-hander , dabbed to point
back of a length , tight line once more , filleted to midwicket . Singles on offer but little else in a tight spell from TC
flicked off the pads behind square
outside off , dabbed to third man
flicked off the pads once more , another single to midwicket
chops down outside off , and up comes the fifty from Imam , his sixth in 27 ODIs . And it 's come at a decent rate too , with wickets falling around him
eased into the covers
round the wicket , flipped to the leg side
back of a length , slightly quicker , worked to backward square with a measured deflection
back-of-the-hander , slightly off-line , nudged off the pads to fine leg
banged in on a shorter length , deflected with an open face to third man
very full , and nurdled behind square
nudged behind square as BOWLER strays onto the pads
opens the face , stabbed to third man , a slightly fuller length from round the wicket to the left-hander
flicked off the front pad to the leg side
on the back foot , opening the face to guide the ball to backward point
hops obediently into line to work the single off the pads
short , and boshed out to deep midwicket with an urgent fling of the bat
nudged to the leg side , hopping onto the back foot
back of a length , wide line , tapped down to backward point
back of a length , tucked to square leg
full length , tapped to mid-on , they scamper the sharp single
back and across and this is dabbed for one
round the wicket , fullish outside off and BATTER just waits for it and opens the face
length and flicked away for one to fine leg this time
pushed through , slightly leg side and worked off the pads
flatter , goes back and stuns one into the covers
pushed through , gripping a touch and chopped through point
full length and dinked into the covers , well stopped by FIELDER to prevent more than a single
punched towards mid-off , FIELDER slipped when looking to pick up and shy
shortish , 81mph and dabbed down to third man
floated up and driven back through mid-off
flighted , comes across and picks the gap for one
floated up as BATTER tries to come down , bit of dip and he has to adjust to defend
on the stumps and tucked for one more
round the wicket , short on the pads at 84mph and BATTER clips to deep square leg
full and a touch wide , 81pmh and driven through the covers to the sweeper
dabbed into the covers , tight single but FIELDER ca n't get this through on target darting across from extra cover
pushed through outside off and slapped through point going back
tossed up from around the wicket and nudged off the pads
dragged down , this is on the hip and twerked away for a single behind square
full on off and steered through point , there 's cover out there now
comes across and opens the face for a single to third man
sliding in straighter and this is clipped firmly through midwicket to the sweeper
pitched up from round the wicket , 85mph and inside-edged past the stumps on the drive
on the stumps and clipped to leg for one
slightly too straight this time and worked to midwicket
angled across , BATTER is on the front foot and checks into the covers for a quick one
gets a touch straight , shortish length and worked off the pads
pitched up and tapped into the covers for a single - Imam off like a train !
dug in short , BATTER rasps a pull to deep midwicket - and England seal the win with three wickets to spare !
angling in at 85mph , BATTER 's wrists come through as he whips one behind square
pitched up outside off , BATTER leans out and strokes the single through cover point
fired in straight and BATTER swats it for one
full and shaping in as BATTER backs away and clips along the carpet to mid-on
pitched up , 87mph outside off , BATTER can only plink into the covers for one off the toe
short ball , 84mph outside off and BATTER throws the bat , thick-edges into the leg side
round the wicket , full on off and poked into the covers for a single
full and wide of the stumps , BATTER chops down for one into the covers
length outside off , 87mph and guided through backward point
pace off again , flicked away through backward square leg
full toss , BATTER jerks away theatrically as the ball clips the outside edge ... may have been a slower ball , they get one
short ball , 89mph and BATTER hacks it back past the bowler for one down the ground
BATTER pierces the infield for one , loses the strike again , though
low full toss outside off and crunched through the off side , fielded in the deep
short and squirting up off the shoulder of the bat as BATTER loses it , lands short of backward point running in ! England pinch the single to get BATTER on strike
full and straight , 91mph and clamly punched to long-on
round the wicket , 90mph and squeezed away via an inside edge
sliding in with the arm and flicked to deep backward square
punched through the covers to get off strike
on the legs and clipped away behind square for his first run
pushed in towards the stumps and worked off the legs moving across
short of a length , 81mph and swatted down to long-on
clipped into the leg side from the crease
length in the channel , BATTER gets out and steers through cover
BATTER stays back and punches one through mid-on
looped up , wide of the stumps with some overspin and BATTER cuts to deep cover
pushed in and clipped down the ground getting on to the front foot
length delivery in the channel , BATTER satisfies himself with opening the face and gliding one to third man - brings England 's 250 up
pitched up , 84mph and squired off the pads for one through square
bit of width and BATTER thunders a cut through point to the sweeper
tucked into a gap for one
touch too straight with his line and BATTER flicks behind square
BATTER takes a step down , thrashes a bottom-handed cut through the covers
BATTER gets out and steers one more through the covers
dug in short and BATTER swivels on the pull through square leg
just a single as BATTER scuds a drive towards mid-on
good length , 85mph and slightly wide as BATTER drops back to steers to third man
pushed through and punched off the back foot through cover point
tossed up on the stumps and worked square again
flat and slapped back through mid-off for one
over the wicket , floated up and clipped to deep square leg
pushed through and turned off the pads behind square
quicker and punched into the ground , BOWLER actually takes a blow to the wrist as the ball jumps towards his head and deflects away through mid-off
flattish offbreak on the stumps , drilled through mid-on
pushed through on the stumps and whipped away through square
lobbed up around middle and leg , BATTER goes back and drives through mid-on
on the stumps , closes the face and clips his first run through square leg
pushed through from round the wicket and punched for one
touch quicker on leg stump and worked through square leg for a single
slashed past mid-off , and it takes the boundary fielder to cut it off . Good over from BOWLER , but frustrating with the dropped catch
dropped ! This is awful stuff from Pakistan . BATTER charges and sends it straight to mid-off at a comfortable , catchable height , where FIELDER puts it down .
BOWLER holds his length after BATTER charges him , but whipped away for one
on a length , and the batsman helps it through the onside . Eight more runs leaked . This is a complete canter at the moment .
short , BATTER manages to spoon it away to deep midwicket
guided through to sweeper cover
swung in ever so slightly , and takes a thick inside edge . Good over from BOWLER , this
short again , BATTER swivels without getting any timing on it
short , and slapped down to midwicket . No timing , but it was along the ground
punched to point , nearly paid the price there ! A direct hit would have had BATTER struggling at the non-striker 's end , and he needed the dive
BATTER uses his feet and works it away to the boundary fielder
punched through the offside , the batsman rush through for one
helped down the field for a single
comes down the pitch and pushes to wide long-off . England go to 150 off 21.2 overs
helped this one to third man , 15 from this over , and England are cruising at the moment
flicked cleverly down to the leg side . There have n't been many boundaries but absolutely no sense England are in any pressure
BATTER thought about lofting it over midwicket but opts to caress down to third man instead
BOWLER drags his length back again , and BATTER has no problems keeping the strike with a drive to long-on
worked away to long-on
slapped to long-off . Was that a potential Mankad chance ? BOWLER stopped in his tracks , but the batsman was in his crease
bowled on a good length but harmless enough . BATTER comfortably jabs to the leg side and gets to the other end
lovely pick-up , but goes straight to the midwicket fielder .
helped away to third man again
full , lovely drive by BATTER . BOWLER gets a hand on it and BATTER has to be alert , but the batsmen manage to change ends
short again , and helped down to third man . This is far too comfortable for England right now .
slightly short of a length , BATTER effortlessly jabs it down to the onside boundary
more flight this time , and BATTER content to work it away for one .
BATTER steps outside leg stump and drives to long-off
helped to midwicket
dragged wider down legside , dabbed to fine leg and a single is scampered
quicker and straighter , jabbed to long-on for a single
BOWLER bowls straight at the stumps , BATTER helps it to deep square
BATTER comes down the wicket , the ball was tossed up . BOWLER dragged it back , though and BATTER guides to long-on
short again , a misfield at mid-on allows the batsmen to scuttle through
begins slightly short , worked away to the onside
back on a tight line and length , pushed to cover
makes room outside leg , eases a single down to long-on
very full , slapped to cover , another well-judged single
fired into the toes , good pace from BOWLER but slightly off-line , worked to midwicket to get off the mark
short again , pulled with intent behind square , a big ironic cheer as FIELDER fields on the bounce at fine leg
thumped into the covers
belted down the ground , FIELDER fields this one cleanly after his fumble last over
very full , into the toes , pressed to the off side
pumped into the covers
worked down to third man once more
right up to the toes , biffed through the line to long-off
slightly back of a length , chopped back down the pitch
eased down the track to long-off
opens the face , and fenced down to third man
worked off the pads to the leg side
outside off , chopped down to third man
good delivery , chopped down into the crease , and another scampered single
eased down to long on
nudges the single to keep the strike ... Pakistan 's butter finger give BATTER an early life once more
fully forward , worked into the covers
worked off the pads to the leg side
worked to the leg side
whipped off the toes , not cashing in on a bit of a freebie on that occasion
eased down the ground , an easy single to long on
on the legs , worked square ... half-stopped but they scamper the single
tight lines , a low full toss , whipped to the leg side
tapped to cover , tighter line but an easy single
up on the toes , guiding the single to third man
ticked to the leg side
gone for all money if this hits ! But it does n't , a suicide single to midwicket
short , pulled , without much venom , and gathered in the deep . Pakistan are giving it a good go in these early overs , much as England 's new-ball pair did earlier today
opens the face , dabbed down to third man from back of a length
full face , firmly pressed back down the pitch
crunched to mid-off , who just about stops as he scampers round
hopping into the hip , tucked to the leg side
nudged to the leg side , another easy single
back of a length on the pads , tucked to midwicket to open his account
slower delivery outside off , drops back and guides one more to third man
punched back , BOWLER gets a hand on it but the ball squirms away , there 's a possibility of two ... but for some reason they elect not to go for it , leaving Imam on strike
slower ball , BATTER plonks a flat-batted slap back past the bowler , FIELDER scurrying across from mid-off to prevent more than one
round the wicket , 88mph full toss on the pads , clipped to deep square leg
full of a length in the corridor , slugged up and over cover for one
another slower ball , looping outside leg as BATTER backs away and dinks to midwicket as BOWLER hares after it
slower ball in the channel , Imam walks across and dabs behind point
length ball outside off , 85mph and punched into the covers coming forwards
slower delivery and this is scuffed past the bowler for one
slaps a 90mph full toss to mid-off , FIELDER has a shy with BATTER backing up , nothing from it in the end
short again , rides the bounce and BOWLER charges down as the set off ... misses with a shy at the non-striker 's end ! Would have been tight
short and wide , pace off again and dabbed to third man
short of a length and tucked calmly behind square for one
dug in and following BATTER as he moves across and swipes it down to third man
short ball , mistimed leaning back to cut and the ball deflects towards point
low full toss , 91mph on off stump and BATTER comes across , works across the line ... gets a leading edge through backward point
full and wide , 88mph and sliced through backward point for his first run
angled in with the arm , clipped to midwicket
whipped away to deep midwicket - eight off the over , but no boundaries
tossed up , BATTER threatens to mow across the line again , just a single into the deep
pushed through and turned square for one
floated up and BATTER goes down , hurls his bat across the line , gets one off the bottom edge
driven down the ground for one
ooh , nearly played on ... then BOWLER sidefoots into the stumps with BATTER stretching ! They pinched the single after BATTER has deflected the ball short into the off side , good running in the end
length ball , worked off the pads
short of a length , quick and at the body , BATTER fends a pull down to fine leg
back of a length in the channel , dabbed down to third man
short and wide and slapped square off the back foot
pitched up and stroked through the off side
full on leg stump , clipped through backward square leg for one
back of a length on off stump , BATTER hops into line and jabs to the on side - been in the 90s for a few overs now
fired in and clipped to mid-on coming forwards
tighter to the stumps , BATTER waits on it and steers another one square on the off side
short , 88mph and chopped off the back foot through point for a single
tossed up and worked off the pads through square
pushed through outside off , bottom-edged past the keeper as FIELDER sticks out his leg MS Dhoni-style - that 's the century partnership between these two
flatter , BATTER whips it off his hip
tossed up and worked for one
pushed through on the stumps and BATTER comes down to tuck it off his pads
full length and punched into a gap
short of a length and worked away through the leg side again
full and skidding on to the leg stump , glanced for one - that 's the Pakistan 200 up , still placed very healthily
pushed through as BATTER steps out and whacks one long the ground to long-on , could n't get under it
steps out and chips down the ground to long-on
tight lines , pushed into a gap coming across
flighted , this is worked to the right of midwicket , just a single , though
pushed through and clipped off the pads to deep square
BATTER tries to come down but the ball dips on him a touch , leading edge squirts towards mid-off on the bounce
flat delivery , BATTER is forward and prods towards point , FIELDER gives chase
pushed through and cut behind point going deep in the crease
slower ball , driven off the front foot for another single
outside off , 87mph and driven off the back foot through cover for one more
fullish length and clipped off the pads through midwicket
drops back and works with the spin
flat offbreak outside off stump , BATTER is on the back foot and punches through cover
pushed through and turned into a gap
tossed up and clipped down the ground to long-on
flighted , outside off stump and driven to the sweeper
brilliant work on the rope ! BATTER clubbed a full toss towards long-off but FIELDER caught and released in one movement ... only there was no one nearby to follow up and complete the catch ! We 've got used to such acrobatic skills , but that was superbly done , preventing six . Not sure how BATTER and BATTER only managed to run a single there , too
drifting towards leg and flicked away for a couple
deftly guided to third man . Eight from the over
lofted over mid-on , poor timing again . That was probably just as well , though , with the long-on fielder lurking
slightly shorter this time , allowing BATTER to get on the back foot and stroke it to third man
helped to cow corner , the batsmen think about two but decide against
a bit too far down leg side , and the batsman take another run . Ten from this over , Pakistan are finally kicking on a bit now
slower ball again , BATTER angles this away to sweeper cover
slower ball , BATTER gets a thick inside edge on it , goes away to deep square
blocked , but the pair manage to scoot for one
short again , deftly guided to third man
struck away to wide long-on . Sensible batting from Pakistan . Seven from the over
guided to long on , the batsman happy to rotate the strike this over
flicked to leg side
better bowling . lovely flight on the line of off stump , BATTER can only push away for one
driven to long off
pace taken off the ball again , BATTER guides it to third man
dabbed to third man
quicker from BOWLER . It gets big on BATTER who mistimes a pull but gets off strike
stabbed to deep point , gets off strike
stroked through the legside
dragged down to leg side by BOWLER , BATTER manages to help this one through to square leg . Another good over for England , though .
glanced away to fine leg
strokes to long-on , BATTER seems to be in no hurry at the moment
eased away through the offside , BATTER off the mark
wider outside off , BATTER drives through the covers
slower ball , hooked away to deep square
guided through the covers
glanced to the onside , quick single . Bit of hesitation there but no harm done
slower ball from BOWLER , BATTER reads it and helps it through leg side
BATTER brings up his fifty too . They 'll both look to kick on now
short , pulled away to deep midwicket . BATTER brings up his fifty
on the back foot , punched hard on the up , he 's getting through his overs with intent
tossed up for the drive , but not quite to the stroke , a biff to cover brings up the 100
back of a length , a touch quicker , flicked to the leg side
low full toss , but dipping towards a yorker length , tucked square
outside off , cracked to cover
run down to third man , England are keeping things real out there
outside off , swinging away , punched to the off side
full length , worked down to long-off . That six aside , that was another decent over from BOWLER . He 's burgling his way through a decent spell here ...
tossed into the toes , stabbed to midwicket
gives himself room for something hefty , but the ball never quite arrives , dabbed to point
on the toes , clipped square
another nudge into the gap for a single , this is good stuff from the under-the-cosh
cracked on the up outside off , FIELDER at backward point is briefly in business
clipped to the leg side
slower ball , met with a cautious pull to square leg . England , for all the lack of wickets , are getting through their overs with little damage
back of a length , sits up for the slapped pull , but the sweeper is well placed at deep midwicket
whittled off the toes , to backward square
flicked off the toes to the leg side
whipped off the pads , gathered at fine leg
nurdled off the legs to midwicket
worked into the gap
a slapped drive into the covers
slower ball , looping through the air , pushed back up the pitch
nudged off the toes
good areas from FIELDER , worked to leg again
clipped out to deep midwicket
tucked to the leg side
tapped to the off side , thinks he 's beaten FIELDER , but he has n't ! The shy comes in , on the dive , and that would have been so close !
banged in short , lifting off the deck , worked to the leg side
leaning forward , pushed into the covers
on the pads , nudged to the leg side
tip and run , into the covers , mid-off swoops initially but does n't get close to the run-out so jogs in to tidy up
on the back foot , blocked down to third man . Hopping a touch at the crease . This opening pairing is wheels
back of a length , leg-stump line , shovelled round the corner for a single to fine leg
floated up and worked away with the spin leg side
digs this out into the covers for one
slower ball , poked into the off side
short ball outside off , BATTER brings out the periscope ! Not much pace on it and FIELDER will come across from third man to field on the bounce
full and sliced away to third man , he continues on his merry way
slower length ball outside off , BATTER dabs at it from deep in the crease
pace off and tucked to mid-on , FIELDER has a shy with BATTER struggling ... but misses the stumps !
pitched up and slapped towards point , they take the single
backs away again and slides one off the face to thitd man
full on the stumps , dug out down the ground for one
short ball , over the stumps , 81mph and swatted to fine man
sliding across at 82mph and BATTER gets a thick edge down to third man for his first run
goes back and across to dab this through point
goes back and steers this through backward point , another jogged single
short , taking the pace off , BATTER nurdles it off his body
length ball on middle and leg stump , 82mph and this is clipped to deep backward square
short of a length , BATTER dabs at it with a horizontal bat and they pinch one via an bottom edge behind square
round the wicket , floated up and driven for a single
fingertips ! Swept on the up beyond the reach of midwicket ! Leaping effort from FIELDER , but he ca n't quite get there
drifting and clipped off the pads through square
whipped from off stump through mid-on to the man set back
turned onto the on-side and they scamper through , trying to keep those runs creeping up now
prodded that into the ground , it 's gone backward of point where FIELDER fires the ball in but the batsman is safe
a little flick onto the on-side and they trot away for one more
flipped down the ground and they 'll jog one
pushed away
prodded onto the off side and they 'll settle for a single
fuller ball turned away and they dash off
turned off his hip towards square leg
prodded away backward of point
pushed to point
swept through backward square and there 's a fielder there
he 's bludgeoned that too , onto the on-side but he find 's the fielder after a bounce
away to the on-side again but there 's a fielder to mop up
he 's lofted that one but it drops sharply in a vacant mid-wicket area
turned down towards fine leg , he did n't really connect and it 's just one in the offing with a fielder there
he tried it again but has got the toe-end of the bat to that one and it trickles along the ground to be collected by FIELDER in the outfield
pushed away there
that 's gone through mid-on
he drives that one straight and they jog through
a little turn onto the leg side
played onto the on side
hit onto the on-side for a nerve-settling single
driven down the ground , it 's picked up and they only manage one
turns the strike over again
he 's swept that one away but there 's a fielder square
flicked away on the on-side
he straight bats that one away to take one
the end of a good over from BOWLER there . Contained them well and prompted a bit of a scare too .
pushed away , with some relief no doubt
a little turn square , these two are building a nice partnership now
a neat prod to square but FIELDER is onto it and there 's only one to be had as a result
hit straight down the ground rotates the strike again
a push to square leg , they think about two but decide early not to chance it
prodded away
driven away comfortably
another comfortable single and they keep the runs ticking over
a little nudge square and they set off for a single
nudged away
pushed away towards cover
full , straight he 's dabbed it towards point
he took a big swipe at that but did n't connect properly and it bounces to the leg side
played through the covers
turned onto the leg side for another single
calmly taps that towards point and they trot through to keep the runs ticking over
similar to before but straighter , the batsman jabs away for another single
good length , but BATTER guides it onto the off side for a single
turned towards square leg
a nice little glance towards square leg to bring up the half century for BATTER , his 12th in ODIs
he chips that one away on the leg side
a nicely flighted ball , chipped away towards point
better from stokes , poked away towards point for a single
that was prodded away on the off side , BOWLER deviates from his follow through to duck back in and toe-poke the ball towards the stumps ... but he misses
outside off and he 's sent that one away to the off-side
outside off , opens the face , dabs the cut to third man
clipped to the on side , a cheeky single to complete the over
on the pads , flipped round the corner for another single
opens the face , dabbed down to third man
width , and cracked to deep point
short and sharp , flashed down to backward square
tip and run , into the off side
leans back , nurdles a late cut down to the third man sweeper
crashed into the covers , and superbly fielded . A sprint and pounce from FIELDER , stretching to his left at mid-off
wide line , dabbed
defended with intent into the covers , and they hustle a sharp single
banged in short , angled into the body , but slashed on the up to third man , who gathers on the bounce
full length , outside off , drilled to cover
clipped off the toes , out to midwicket
patted to the off side , in comes the shy , away goes the richocet as FIELDER pings down the non-striker 's stumps
round-house pull , combatting the shorter ball
full length , looped up to the drive on a wide line , steered into the covers with a high elbow
back of a length , tapped to the leg side
tapped down to third man once more
back of a length , leans back in the crease and dabs through third man
back of a length , dabbed to the off side off the back foot
clipped to midwicket
nudged down to third man
back of a length , dabbed to third man
fenced into the off side , another scurried single
chiselled off the toes , down to backward square
on the pads , flipped to backward square
wheeling away , on a full length with a hint of outswing , tapped to the off side
outside off , nurdled down through third man . That 's a much better over for Pakistan
full length , outside off , chopped to third man
sharp pace from BOWLER , 85.7mph , nudged to the leg side
standing tall on the back foot , punched firmly to cover
fenced into the leg side
tucked firmly to deep midwicket , straight to the sweeper
probing away with inswing on a full length . Clipped to leg again
squared up on off stump , squirts a thick edge down to third man
another good ball to finish from BOWLER , yorker-length as BATTER chops down and they take the run to finish on 351 - a total that seems somehow both under and over par all that the same time !
full and a touch wide , BATTER flays it through cover point to the sweeper
round the wicket , unleashes a low full toss , BATTER flips one to midiwcket
clubbed without timing towards mid-off and they take on the arm , BATTER struggling ... but the throw to the bowler 's end misses !
on the stumps , low full toss and BATTER whips it away through square leg
fired in full and straight , dug out behind point
cutter , 74mph and popping up around off stump , BATTER fends it away
low full toss , BATTER throws the hands but gets it off the cue end to mid-off
short , again taking the pace off , BATTER rolls his wrists on a pull to deep square leg
slower ball , BATTER tucks it into a gap
gets out and clips a cover drive into the deep for a single
pitched up in the slot outside off and BATTER pings a drive , they want to come back for two ... but BATTER slips and BATTER has to return to his ground at the non-striker 's end
short ball , BATTER cracks a pull into the deep , well fielded by FIELDER on the run
length ball , slightly wide and BATTER angles the bat for another single
BATTER comes across and slides a single down to third man
fullish outside off and steered through point , brings up the England 300
banged in , 82mph and BATTER pulls , gets a top edge down to fine leg
excellent yorker from BOWLER , BATTER has to jam down on it and the ball pops into the off side as BATTER calls him through ... BOWLER slides for it and tosses the ball at the stumps from close range , but the ( half- ) chance had gone
full , right up towards the blockhole , BATTER digs it out into the on side
short of a length over the stumps and clipped off the body to deep midwicket
spinning in gently and worked through mid-on off the back foot
tossed up and drilled through cover point to the sweeper , BATTER keeps the strike
floated up , BATTER dances out with malevolent intent , bullocks a drive hard and flat to long-off
floated up and clipped back towards long-on for another single
BATTER punches down the ground to long-off
dropped ! BOWLER going to his right , clangs off the fingers and BATTER survives ! Should have been taken , though he struck it pretty firmly
tossed up and punched through cover playing back
opens up and drives this through mid-on going back
round the wicket and tossed up on off , punched past the dive of extra cover
darted on middle and leg , BATTER works it away behind square
oops , do n't think he knew where that was going ... ! Banged in and BATTER plays a half-formed pull before turning his head away , a top edge sailing gently down to fine leg on the bounce
back of a length , 87mph and he has room to angle the bat and dab this to third man
drifting a touch leg side , flicked away to the fine leg boundary for his first run
tucked off the hip , just one to the sweeper at deep square
pitched up around off stump , BATTER stabs it down the ground
BATTER takes a step out and drills one through cover point - just a couple off the over from
lobbed up on the stumps and clipped to long-on
back of a length , big top edge over the keeper from BATTER , but this is going to be safe ... Fine leg hurries across to cut it off
short ball , up around the grille , BATTER paddles a pull through backward square
turning over the strike again
tickled down the leg side , just the one run
that ball was back of a length , the batsman had time and nudges it away on the off-side
a shorter ball , it spits up and he deflects it to the leg side
nearly 89mph there ... and it was a full toss !
he dabs that square
a fuller delivery and he 's deflected it away down the leg side
a little nudge to the onside and they set off on a gentle jog
punched square and they dash off but only take the one
turned away there and they just take the one
shorter ball and it 's pulled down to fine leg
the neatest of nudges towards square leg
pushed away calmly there
the ball drifts in and BATTER just swats it away
turned onto the leg-side
another little nudge away brings up the 100 partnership and the celebrate with a gentlemanly handshake
turned square , another single , it 's like they 're doing shuttle runs here
slapped towards point
turned away towards square leg , they 're ticking along nicely here , England
nudged away and they scamper through for a single
turned towards square leg and the single brings up 200 for England to hearty applause from around the ground
nudged to the on side and they canter through for one with the 200 in sight
he turns it off the pads
cut square
driven onto the leg side and they jog a single

a fuller ball and BATTER turns it down towards square leg , a little fumble but the fielder gathers .
driven down the ground but just one run there
paddled for one

nudged just backward of point
driven through cover
a little nudge square to follow up
a little nurdle towards square leg and they grab one
tucked away off the pads
that 's a nice drive towards mid-off
that one he 's turned square
a drive off the back foot to long-off
that was in line , BATTER takes half a step back and nudges it towards point
a neat little drive there , just the one thanks
punched to long-on
a neat little nudge down to square leg
oooh , slapped onto the onside but they just take a single
in line and turned down the leg side there
pushed onto the offside
flatter and clipped away from leg stump through midwicket for a single
BATTER steps out and tickles a drive through the covers
goes back and punches a drive through mid-on
floated up and dinked back down the ground for a single
pushed through on the stumps and clipped behind square for another single
tossed up outside off , BATTER steps across to punch one to the sweeper
round the wicket , sliding across and whipped through square leg
pushed through on the stumps and clipped to long-on for one more to end a tidy over
shouts of `` catch it ! '' as BATTER chips through mid-on down towards the boundary rider
full and flighted and clipped through mid-on
tossed up on off stump , BATTER leans out and opens the face for a drive square
pitched up on the pads and squirted through square
round the wicket , short ball outside off and BATTER chops through point
shortish and pulled down through square leg from off stump
length ball , 82mph outside off and BATTER guides it to third man for one
pushed through on the stumps and flicked fine for his first run
floated up outside off , driven through the covers
full on middle , 82mph and flicked fine for one , brings up the England 100 from just 62 balls
whipped off the pads to deep square
floated up and tucked square
clipped off the pads into a gap
round the wicket , pitched up and absolutely leathered , FIELDER manages to cut it out at extra cover as they shoot through for a single
back of a length , slashed in the air , bouncing a few feet in front of third man
short over the top of off , dabbed on the back foot towards gully for one
shortish on off stump , defended towards his toes , YJB hares up the other end
banged in short , top-edged pull , but lands safe !
angled defence into the off side
on the toes , flicked to the leg side
tucked off the toes once more
a report of willow echoes round the ground as BATTER connects sweetly for the single
good delivery , full and swinging out late , looking to flick through midwicket and ends up fat-edging to third man
flicked off the pads behind square
on the hip , back of a length , BATTER resumes with his leg-dominant play to ease off the mark with a nudge square
tossed up , pressed out to long-off where FIELDER fields
speared down the leg side , tucked out to deep midwicket to keep the strike
length on the pads , worked out to FIELDER at deep square and they decide against taking on his arm
length outside off , slower ball which holds in the surface . Muscled out through midwicket for one
length outside off , agriculturally heaved to wide mid-on for a single
tossed up above the eyeline , uses his feet to meet the pitch and drive out to long-off
another slower ball , driven out to cover
fired in down the leg side , tickled down to fine leg for one
full , scooting in towards off stump , clipped out towards square leg for one
tossed up , tucked out in front of square for a single
back of a length outside off , punched out to deep cover
tossed up , very full on fourth stump , and clipped down to long-on for one
hung outside off , wristily worked in front of square for a single
tickled out to backwards square for a single
tossed up , very loopy above the eyeline and it turns into a low full toss , which BATTER prods out to long-on
good turn on a length , rocks back and punches out to extra cover
thumped out towards long-on for a jogged single
flighted up on leg stump , tickled into the leg side
decent turn from outside off , whacked down to long-on for an ambled single
full on fourth stump , pushed out to long-off
tucked out to deep midwicket
good turn , rocks back to carve out to deep cover
nudged into the covers . They cruise through for a single
nudged to mid-off and they scamper through for a single
nudged to mid-off
nudged away behind square as they squeeze through for a single
length ball , tucked out to deep backward square when FIELDER fields
nudged out to square leg off the hip
nudged down to long leg for a single
tucked off the toes for another single . Over to you Quinny ...
up on the toes , tapped down to third man
crashed out to the leg side once again , similar shot but straight at the man this time
tucked off the pads for another single . He 's into the 90s
pulled from outside off , another single to wrap up the over . The partnership continues to flourish
too short , lifted off the legs , on the bounce to FIELDER inside the boundary . BATTER is lucky he did n't time that a touch better , though TomC is n't impressed
a fat hack through third man . Outside off , and a wild swing , just about connects as BOWLER rolls his fingers
dab and scamper , yet more excellent running to a non-descript prod into the covers . Invaluable aspect of South Africa 's progress
back of a length , sliding onto the pads , worked with the angle to backward square
plinked off the pads , out to deep square leg
nurdled off the legs for another single
slower ball , outside off , tapped to point and yet another very nifty single from nothing . It 's been a key feature of this stand
pressed to mid-on for the single
looping slower ball , well watched with a flick of the wrists over the leg side
slower ball from round the wicket , ghosting into the pads and worked square
back of a length , gently dabbed to square leg for the single
slightly shorter , straight line , chopped to point
the slowest of slower balls , BATTER adapts at the crease and fences a leg-side delivery behind square
round the wicket , back of a length , tucked off the hip behind square for the single
swept hard through square leg , up comes the hundred partnership . It 's all South Africa at the moment ...
lots of air outside off , BATTER drives again , a slight fumble ensures there are no dramas on the single
back in the crease , soft hands into the off side , picking the gap for the single
back of a length , BATTER shimmies at the crease , and flashes a cut into the covers
eased into the covers , and BATTER raises a mighty fine half-century . Calm and authoritative
down on one knee for a flogged drive through the covers , tidied up by the sweeper
rocks back for a controlled cut to short third man
width , slashed to deep point to keep the strike . Easy peasy
back and across , punched to cover
over the wicket , on the pads , nudged to backward square
back of a length , a measured flat pull to wide long-on
back of a length , eased around the back pad for another single
banged in short , hauled out to deep midwicket , rising onto the back leg to keep the ball down
advancing to the pitch , flashed hard down to long on , up comes the 100 . South Africa , dare one say it , are setting the tempo here
another reverse sweep , BATTER hurtles for the single as backward square swoops , but he 's quick enough to secure his partner a very fine half-century ! The skipper leads from the front
works the single
reverse sweep , and nailed on the pad ! Big spin , and beats everything down the leg side . Gosh , that looked plumb to the naked eye . Should have been a wide , but given as runs
up on the toes , cut down to backward point
firmly fenced into the covers once more
a high-elbowed punch out to deep cover , off a full length
back of a length and dabbed down to third man
tossed up , lots of air on this , driven down to long-off for a single
fullish on fifth stump , nudged out into the covers and they squeeze through for a single
cutter , slid across him , guided down to third man
back of a length in the channel , guided down to third man . 86mph/138kph
length on the pads , short-arm jabbed out to deep backward square
back of a length on off stump , prodded to point and they scamper through for one
good turn on the legbreak , drops deep in the crease and guides it out to extra cover for a single
nudged out towards long-on to bring up the fifty partnership
driven out to long-off
crunched out to deep cover on the back foot
length ball , tucked off the hip out to deep backward square
back of a length , punched out to FIELDER at sweeper-cover off the back foot
straight , length ball , guided out into the covers
length ball , tossed up , nudged out into the covers
back of a length , nudged out into the covers and they scramble through
slower ball , back-of-the-hander , driven out to deep cover . Down at 64mph/103kph
tucked out to square leg for a single
speared in , slides on with the angle , forced out to deep midwicket where FIELDER fields
worked out to long-on with his back leg in the air , flamingo-style
length ball , punched through cover off the back foot . Slight misfield from FIELDER of all people , and they get through for one
tossed up , full and straight , forced out to long-on for one
speared in again , 60mph/97kph , clipped through mid-on and BOWLER races after it to field off his own bowling
length ball , clipped off the pads out to deep midwicket
speared in with a round arm , nudged out to square leg and they hurry through for one
tucked into the leg side for an ambled single
tossed up , full and straight , BATTER looks to muscle him down the ground but ca n't time it , and they only manage a single
back of a length , nudged away towards point and BATTER hurtles through for a scrambled single . Great running !
length on the pads , clipped out to the right of mid-on . FIELDER makes a tumbling stop , and they decide against the second
back of a length , fended out to third man off the back foot
slides on with the angle , prodded out to mid-on to get off strike
length ball , guided down to third man with an open bat face
drop-and-run out towards point , FIELDER hurtles in and throws at full stretch diving forward , one stump to aim at , and ca n't hit ! Would have been tight , but an incredibly difficult piece of fielding
outswinger , pushed across him , nudged into the covers and they scramble through for a run . Very slow off the pitch
length ball in the channel , squirted out to third man for an ambled single
length ball pushed across BATTER , guided down to third man
pushed back down the ground in the air and FIELDER ca n't get a hand to it ! Half-chance but not much more , held in the surface as BATTER looked to work it straight , and only just out of the bowler 's reach
steered down to third man for a single
length ball , skids on and forced out to mid-on with plenty of bottom hand
pushed across the right-hander , guided down to third man to get off the mark
full on the pads , tucked out to deep midwicket
fullish on off stump , whipped out to deep backward square to get off the mark
pounded across the line , straight to midwicket , if he hits this is out ... but he does n't ...
round the wicket , fired down the leg side , flicks the pad to elude FIELDER and they rush the single
flashed hard to cover , another scampered single
a wipe off a full length , down to third man
heaved with purpose out to the leg side , but cow corner is set back
outside off , and cracked to the off side
flogged to long-on , with a pirouette in his followthrough for good measure . Up comes BATTER 's Dentury !
another full toss , slapped square , just the single . England 's progress is checked by an allsorts over
pops off a leading edge ... just wide of BOWLER in his followthrough , who gathers , pivots , shies ... and misses ! A stone-dead run-out chance
wide yorker , BATTER skids to his knees to reach it with a cross-batted wipe , into the covers
short and slow , outside off , BATTER waits on the back foot and flaps a cut to point
slower ball , out comes the cutter and BATTER is through his drive early , as it skews to the leg side
bashed to long-on , retreating to leg to free the arms
on the legs this time , a firm sweep to backward square
flashed to deep cover , a difficult line to really climb into
fired out wide , across the right-hander 's bows . BATTER chases with a flat-batted drive , out to cover
back of a length , slower ball , BATTER waits and works the nurdle off his legs to backward square
languid drive out to deep point , reaching for the wide ball
worked into the leg side once more
a swish to deep backward square , hauled from back of a length
back of a length , twisting back into the right-hander , punched down to long-off
banged in short , clawed out to the leg side with a roll of the wrists
rushing to the pitch of the ball , battered to cover
shaping into the legs , and turned around the corner for one more single . That 's the end of a very handy spell from Jon-Jon . Who is done-done
clipped to the leg side , another single
flashed to long-on , connected too well with that one in the end , reached the fielder too quickly for them to come back for the second
nudged out to point , up comes the 200
sits up in the pitch , worked to the on-side , in the air for a while but there 's no fielder that close
flicked on the up , but just out of the reach of wide mid-on ! He got right underneath that one , but picked his spot well enough !
nudged out to mid-off for another single
punched to long-on , presenting a full face back down the pitch
opens the face on the back foot , a late call for the single , but a fumble from FIELDER , which is most uncharacteristic . A standard grab would have been mighty tight !
compact drive to cover once more
cracked along the ground to a deep-set mid-off
sliding into the legs , clipped to deep square . A productive over as England edge towards 200 with the death overs looming
flashed down to third man , latching onto a hint of width
flicked to the leg side , the runs keep on dribbling
punched at the top of the bounce to mid-off
advancing to the pitch , but opts out of the lofted wallop ... a flick along the turf to the on-side
tucked to the leg side with a hop into line
back of a length , jabbed to third man with an open face , very Rootian
high-elbowed defence to mid-off
blotted into the off side , presenting a full face back down the line of the ball
outside off , wafted into the covers
tapped into the covers , a sharp single
up on the toes , dabbed down to third man
full-faced drive to deep cover , skipping to the pitch of the ball in a show of slightly more intent
leaning back for a firm cut out to deep cover . Solid connection , but the sweeper is set back on the rope
length outside off , punched out to deep cover
back of a length , steered out to third man with an open face
slides on with the angle , punched out to deep extra cover
fired in , back of a length , and punched out to deep extra cover on the back foot
short ball , swivel-pulled out to deep square
full on fifth stump , worked out into the leg side . Slight misfield at short midwicket , but does n't cost a run
full on off stump , whipped out to long-on elegantly with a raised back leg
length ball in the channel , steered behind point for a scampered single
length on fourth stump , worked out to deep backward square
fired in at the off stump , tucked out to long-on
tossed up above the eyeline , driven to long-off for an ambled single
full , nudged out to square leg and they scramble through for a single
fullish on off stump , worked through mid-on
wide and back of a length to start , swished aerially through point out to the sweeper for one , not particularly convincingly
tucked out towards backward square leg for one
tossed up above the eyeline , whipped out to long-on
fuller on fourth stump , wristily whipped through midwicket for one with a raised back leg
slower ball again , a little offcutter . Back of a length , steered gently towards third man . De FIELDER chases after it , hurls down the stumps with BATTER safely in , and they get through for an overthrow , much to BOWLER 's displeasure
back of a length , in at the hip , nudged out towards mid-on
short ball , BATTER latches onto it early and swivel-pulls out to deep midwicket
tucked out into the leg side
tossed up above the eyeline , driven out to wide long-off
full and straight , worked out to deep midwicket
back of a length outside off , steered out towards midwicket
length on the pads , tucked out to deep midwicket
length on off stump , tucked out to midwicket
worked out towards deep midwicket to keep the strike ticking over
length on the hip , tucked out to backward square
on the back foot , rolls the wrists on impact and jogs the single to midwicket
moving outside the line of off stump , looking for two and a bit of a misjudgement as they stutter mid-pitch
up comes the hundred , South Africa are making England fight for their runs
fullish on the pads , steered out to deep backward square
punched out to deep cover off the back foot
nudged out to square leg off the pads
fullish on off stump , pushed out to long-on
length on the pads , nudged out to deep square to get off the mark
full on the pads , clipped elegantly out to deep midwicket
length in the channel , guided down to third man
full toss , crunched to mid-on with a straight blade
clipped off the legs for another single , calmly done
tucks the single , walking across the stumps to create the angle into the leg side
pressed firmly into the gap at point , off the back foot
back of a length , a hint of turn from over the wicket , cracked out to cover
a casual drive to the cover sweeper . A distinct change of pace from England since the twin wickets . Content to build calmly for now
content to rotate the singles for now , another nurdle to mid-on
low full toss again , BATTER accepts the freebie with a casual steer into the gap at midwicket
biffed along the carpet to long-off , another jogged single
low full toss from over the wicket , clubbed with lots of bottom hand to mid-on
nudges the single to keep the strike rotating
back of a length , outside off , tapped to point
flogged into the covers , eludes the closer of the two fielders and he 's off the mark
back of a length , jabbed down to third man for another single
nurdled off the legs to get BATTER off the mark
flicked on the up , over square leg , solid connection but there 's a man back on the rope to tidy up
tucked off the toes out to midwicket
squared up and a leading edge scoots over short midwicket ! So nearly the breakthrough , BATTER was caught on the hop , quite literally , but FIELDER could n't stretch high enough , and hobbles off with a sore ankle after landing ...
s-l-l-o-o-o-w off the deck as BATTER waits on the back foot and dabs to gully
tucked off the legs , out for the single
no pace once more as BATTER presses a drive out to cover
whittled off the legs , out to backward square
short , and slammed hard out to midwicket . Straight at the fielder who takes the pace off , but really should have done better . They jog the single for the misfield
walking across the stumps , a shimmy off the pads to short midwicket and England have their first ODI run since July 14
swiped over the leg side , lands safely in the gap - meaning England win by two wickets after a rather ticklish finish here in Joburg !
dug in and BATTER swings a pull through backward square leg
length ball , slightly wide and BATTER opens the face to run it to third man for another single
touch short and this time Rash has a dabble , glides one behind point
pitched up outside off , steered down to third man
full length in the channel and again BATTER throws the hands , crunches it square for one
tossed up straight , closes the face and works one more
flighted a little wider , BATTER presses out and nudges into a gap on the off side
flatter and worked for a single
short and at the man this time , swung away through backward square leg
BATTER flicks one more through square leg
back of a length , clipped through midwicket
works this one with the spin into a gap in front of mid-on
dug in , outside off and rising as BATTER hops back and swats one down to third man
shortish on the body and worked for one into a leg-side gap
128kph/79mph , punched into the off side , mid-off comes around and fires off a throw - but BATTER was home
back of a length in the channel , rides the bounce and steers out to point
full on off stump , skewed out to the man sweeping on the cover boundary
length ball , good turn in , tucked out through square leg
steered out through point for one
full on the pads , clipped out to the sweeper
googly , slashed out to deep point
length ball , tucked out to backward square off the hip . FIELDER momentarily loses it in his jumper , but it does n't cost a run
back of a length outside off , punched out to the sweeper on the back foot
length ball on fifth stump , squirted out down to third man via the outside half of the bat
length on the pads , tucked out to deep square to get off the mark
tossed up wide of off stump , BATTER opens up in his stance to drive through cover
pushes out to deep cover point
slower ball , runs his fingers down the side of it , BATTER steers down to third man
length outside off , BATTER rocks onto the back foot and carves it out to deep extra cover , cross-batted
length in the channel , punched out to the sweeper-cover on the back foot
tossed up above the eyeline , pushed out to point where FIELDER misfields to allow the single
sprayed down leg , tucked out to deep backward square for one more
gentle cutter on the pad , clipped out to mid-on
flighted , full on off stump , pressed out to long-off
length on the pads , tucked out to deep backward square
length ball on the hip , tucked out to the sweeper
length ball in the channel , fenced out to cover point
tossed up , wider outside off , and driven out to sweeper-cover
another sharp-turning googly , tucked round the corner and they scamper through
length ball , rocks back and thumps this calmly down the ground to long-on
length outside off , steered down to wide third man on the fence
short outside off , BATTER makes a horrible mess of it trying to pull and FIELDER puts him down ! Went to him pretty quickly at backward square leg in the circle , and could n't quite grab it
back-of-a-length ball , tip-and-run into the covers and just about safe . FIELDER 's throw would n't have been miles away from running BATTER out , but strikes him on the leg
tossed up on off , BATTER punches to mid-off and takes on the fielder 's arm ... could have been tight as he dived for his ground , but a muddy shirt is all it costs him
pushed wider , BATTER is forward and cushions one towards point , raising the England 100
stays back and nurdles around the corner for a single
short and leg side and flicked in air , bouncing away to the man coming in
short of a length , 138kph/86mph and nudged through backward square towards the boundary rider
goes straighter , 132kph/82mph and worked through backward square leg
dragged down a touch , BATTER hops back and whirls his arms through a swatted pull to deep square leg
gives this some air , whipped off the pads through the leg side for another single
flighted from over the wicket , BATTER waits for it and works with the spin through square leg
short of a length , 132kph/82mph and BATTER jabs through midwicket
shortish , BATTER pulls and gets a top edge ... but FIELDER ca n't quite get there running in ! Tremendous effort from the big fast man , who hared in off the midwicket fence and threw himself bodily for it , in vain
length ball , 136kph and BATTER squeezes a drive into the midwicket area for one - just a single off the over from BOWLER , who 's come out of the Powerplay just about intact
pitched up , 135kph and driven with a closed face wide of mid-on for one
drops into the crease and angles a single through backward point
touch back of a length , 133kph/82mph and BATTER dabs it late , wide of slip but FIELDER does well to dive and get a hand on it
angled in with the arm , full and punched for one more to the on side
full , 138kph and driven into the ground , BOWLER sticks up a paw but ca n't bring it down and BATTER gets off the mark
backs away and has a hacks , gets one off the inside edge
BOWLER plugs away , tickled off the pads behind square
fuller , angled in at 134kph/83mph and BATTER shuffles out and flicks through backward square
pushed across the right-hander , who steers this into a gap into the covers
length in the channel , 138kph/86mph and steered down to third man playing back
bit of width , 139kph/87mph and BATTER glides it down to third man for another single
back of alength over the stumps , worked away into the leg side
back of a length , slower ball , outside off , BATTER looks to carve over the off side , plinking it out towards mid-off
yorker this time , dug out to FIELDER who fields at cover point ... and they take the single !
yorker on off stump , clipped out to midwicket to keep the strike
low full toss , driven back at the bowler and it hits BOWLER ! Think he 's OK , quicker ball this time , burst through his hands and struck him in the chest before skewing away towards mid-off for a single
slower ball , back of a length , tucked off the hip down to short fine leg
tucked out to deep midwicket , they think about two but decide not to take FIELDER 's arm on
slower ball , back of a length , hangs back in his crease and tickled out to short midwicket off the hip to give BATTER the strike
full outside off , squeezed out to third man
slower-ball bouncer , pulled round the corner for one
slower ball , full outside off , nudged to mid-off and BATTER makes his ground thanks to a full-length dive ! BATTER set off early , BATTER was n't convinced but was safely back thanks to the dive
length ball , angling in towards the top of off stump , driven out to extra cover
slower ball , yorker-length , dug out towards point and they hurry through for a single to keep BATTER on strike
back of a length , squeezed out down to wide third man
slower ball , BATTER does n't pick it at all and chips it out to extra cover on the bounce
tucked off the hip down to fine leg , FIELDER gives chase and gathers
uses his feet to turn this into a low full toss , but can only hack it out to square leg inside the ring for one
very full and straight , worked down the ground . BOWLER ca n't get down in time , and it trickles out to long-off
full on the pads , clipped out to deep midwicket to bring up 200
fired in with a round arm , tucked out to wide mid-on
skids on with the arm , worked out to backward point , BATTER is slow to set off and would have been struggling at the bowler 's end with a direct hit but FIELDER 's throw was wild
round-arm , cramps him up , tickled out to deep midwicket and they take the single again
yorker on leg stump , tucked out to long-on , BATTER is happy to take the single
full outside off , worked down to long-on to get off strike
tossed up , low full toss thumped out to deep cover
speared in at 61mph/99kph from round the wicket , flicked out to deep midwicket
carved out into the covers for one
cutter again , fenced out into the covers
length ball on leg stump , tucked out to deep midwicket . They consider a second but decide against
length ball on leg stump , pushed out to long-on
fired in full outside the off stump , 62mph/99kph , and squeezed out to backward point
tucked out to midwicket
hacked out to long-off
back of a length , defended off the back foot , BATTER sets off slowly for the single but then gets into his stride . BOWLER looks to kick the ball into the stumps with the outside of his right boot , but blazes wide ! Think it would have been pretty tight ...
nudged out to deep square , think about two but decide against
full outside off , flayed out to cover point
round-arm , speared in again , goes on with the angle and BATTER punches out into the covers
pushed out to long-off
back of a length , tucked out to forward square leg off the hip
driven out to wide long-off
length ball clipped to mid-on , the running is chaotic again but this time there 's enough time for Lucky to scamper through and make his ground
length ball , pushed to mid-off and they steal through for a single
fullish on fourth stump , squeezed out into the covers via the edge
drops a touch short , stays low as BATTER wheels across the line and picks up one to deep square leg
tickled down the ground for one
uses the feet and whips this down the ground through mid-on
flighted , spinning outside off and steered square for one
full outside off , punched through the covers
comes forward and drives this down the ground to long-off
tossed up and worked in front of midwicket , BATTER is off and running , though FIELDER swoops and shies at one-and-a-half stumps ... Just misses ! Think he would have been struggling against a direct hit
lobbed up and prodded into a gap coming forwards
driven to mid-off , tight single here , FIELDER hits the stumps directly ... but he was just home , stretching for the crease !
flat on the stumps and clipped square off the back foot
comes forward and steers through mid-on
tossed up and punched down the ground
tossed up and worked for a single
sliced through backward point , FIELDER misfields to give them a single
punched down the ground to long-on
slightly shorter , hoicked leg side but he does n't get hold of it ... the ball lands safely wide of long-on ! FIELDER was the man running around , the man you 'd want to go for it , but was n't in the frame when it landed
another single as BATTER continues to rotate well
lobbed up on off stump , BATTER laps this for a single behind square
on the stumps , BATTER whips it into a gap for another single
tossed up on the stumps and worked for one
tossed up on the pads from over the wicket , Quinny turns calmly to leg - that 's his half-century , a vital knock from the captain in the circumstances
tossed up and dabbed off the back foot
comes down and prods this through mid-off for one
on the stumsp , plays with the spin and steers another single through backward square leg
drops a tad short , BATTER is back in the crease to cut
flighted , BATTER comes across and flicks for a single
tossed up on the stumps and clipped through mid-on , bringing up the SA 100
tossed up from round the wicket , worked away to the leg side
low full toss , bunted towards mid-on for his first run
floated up and whipped off the stumps
drops short outside off , cut firmly but it 's just a single to the man running around from deep point
lobbed up straight and worked off the front pad , BATTER a bit slow to respond to the call
pushed through and turned into the leg side
tossed up and worked through mid-on for one more
floated up and tucked away leg side with the spin
dotted on off stump , BATTER steers into a gap at point to finish the over with another single
lobbed up a touch straight , worked through mid-on for a single
round the wicket , pushed through flatter and worked off the pads
lobbed up nice and full , this is driven in front of square to the cover sweeper
length outside off , uses his feet to turn it into a half-volley as he works it out to mid-on . They scamper through for a single , FIELDER looks to throw down the stumps but it 's a very wayward through and he strikes BATTER flush on the backside ! Might be a bit of a bruise on that , but think he 'll be OK
length on the pads , tucked out to short midwicket for a sharp single
hung outside off , driven out to deep cover
length ball , very straight , pushed out to square leg
speared in on a length , inside edged out to backward square for one
tip-and-run out towards short cover , BOWLER raced down and nearly collided with BATTER but pulled out just in time
tossed up wide of the off stump , pressed to deep cover
back of a length , bounces sharply and BATTER pulls it out to deep backward square , slightly out of control
quickish again , dabbed down towards third man
tossed up , full and straight , nudged out to long-on
shimmies down the track to turn this in a half-volley , tucked out to wide mid-on where FIELDER fields
inswinger on a length , tucked out to square leg
yorker on fifth stump , dug out to mid-off and they race through for a single
tucked out through midwicket
shuffles across to the off side , tip-and-run into the covers and BATTER just about gets in ... FIELDER 's throw from point was just wide , would have been tight with a direct hit
back of a length , fended away off the ribs for a single through square leg
pushed down the ground , FIELDER makes a diving stop to his left at mid-off
half-volley outside off , mistimes the drive but they scuttle through for a single
length ball , defended into the covers and they race through for a single
length ball on fourth stump , nudged towards the vacant short leg region and they scurry through for a single
inswinger , tucked out to long leg via the inside half of the bat
length ball , angled away , steered down to third man with a hint of outside edge
length ball on the hip , tucked out to FIELDER at long leg . 81mph/130kph
length on the pads , BATTER is slightly cramped for room as he tucks it out to FIELDER at short midwicket for one
outswinger on a length , 86mph/138kph , steered down to third man . Good movement off the seam END