short ball , his third of the over , and therefore , that 's given as a wide
fired past the leg stump
fired past the legs , eludes the thigh pad so another bonus run
wide of off stump , back of a length , left alone
down the leg side , a freebie to the cause
fired down the leg side at 91mph , half an appeal , close to the glove as Robinson eventually signals wide , after trying not to give the game away for a possible review !
shaping past the leg stump
banged in short , ducked , and given as a wide
full on the pads , missed out on the glance , but down the leg side
strays down the leg side
back of a length , down the leg side . Half-hearted appeal , in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid this being given as a wide
starts with a wide , spraying one down the leg side and past the pads
banged in , but BOWLER 's bouncer gets up too high
sprayed down the leg side , and KJP does well to get down to his right to stop it . He looks like he 's in some pain too ! They 're dropping like flies . He 's holding his right shoulder and wincing in pain but will soldier on
banged in short again , and BATTER lets it sail harmlessly through to KJP . Belatedly given wide , for too many short balls in an over
82mph/132kph , loses this line down the leg side
down the leg side , past the hip , and given wide
banged in short , sails over his head , and given as a wide
back of the hand again , but down the leg side this time
short ball , which sails harmlessly up and over BATTER 's head . Springy bounce , called wide
round the wicket , short and sliding down the leg side
looped up , but again he drifts the ball down the leg side
pushes out his loosener and it slides down leg
banged in short again , this one climbs through outside off ... called wide on height
full and swinging past leg stump . DDS is frustrated to have missed out on the flick , with fine leg up inside the ring
strays down the leg side
banged in short , flies harmlessly over
full and swinging , down the leg side . Good take from
swinging down the leg side , past the thigh pad
bending down the leg side , a bit of a nothing ball
pushes this down the leg side
googly from Rash , but this fizzes down the leg side
back of a length , sliding through past leg side as FIELDER moves across and lets it go
82mph/132kph , hung out wide , sprays this one a little too far across the right-hander
short and sharp , a decent bouncer but this time he ca n't lure the wild hook
more swing past the legs . Another wide . Every little helps for Sri Lanka
curls past the legs , BOWLER 's finding his swing , but his line is occasionally off
whizzing down the leg side , lots of swing this time , but on the wrong line
BOWLER 's radar is all over the place so far , another one speared past the legs with no swing
a whoosh off the pads , but ca n't connect as that is speared past the legs
bending down the leg side , a bit of a nothing ball
pushes this down the leg side
googly from Rash , but this fizzes down the leg side
back of a length , sliding through past leg side as BATTER moves across and lets it go
82mph/132kph , hung out wide , sprays this one a little too far across the right-hander
short and sharp , a decent bouncer but this time he ca n't lure the wild hook
more swing past the legs . Another wide . Every little helps for Sri Lanka
curls past the legs , BATTER 's finding his swing , but his line is occasionally off
whizzing down the leg side , lots of swing this time , but on the wrong line
BATTER 's radar is all over the place so far , another one speared past the legs with no swing
a whoosh off the pads , but ca n't connect as that is speared past the legs
dug in short and outside off , too high , wide
darted short and so wide that it finishes past the tramline . Off-side wide
bouncer outside off at 144ks , sails through to FIELDER as BATTER avoids it . Too high , so called a wide
oooh tight call on wide . BATTER moves across , well across and the ball goes past him on the legside . Might have flicked his thigh pad if he had stayed where he was .
moving across to get inside the line of this , but BOWLER has strayed too far down leg and that 'll be a wide
banged in way too short and it 's gone enough over the batsman that it 's a wide
dug in short but line gone awry , down leg , and he 'll have to rebowl that .
and now the googly goes wrong , spins past leg stump for back to back wides
line goes awry after that last ball six , and he fires this down legside for a wide
spotted him coming down the track and banged it in short . Too short it turns out and that 's a wide for height . Went well over BATTER 's head .
bouncer , going across him , ends up too short and bouncing too high . Wide .
so wide that barely hits the cut strip ... eesh
far too wide this time , we 'll have that again
tossed up but down leg , he 's looking to sweep but misses . Umpire gives it a wide . BOWLER unhappy with that , he reckons YJB got a thin glove on it while trying to sweep
too far down legside and that 's a wide . FIELDER does well to dive to his left and take it
strays down legside and FIELDER does well to tumble to his left and gather . But that 'll be a wide .
over-cooks this one , still aiming for that wide yorker
FIELDER aims for the tramlines as BATTER feints to leg , but he 's pushed that too wide . This over is not going well ...
wide line , targetting the tram-lines , but the wrong side of them on this occasion
wide of off stump , and FIELDER looks rather miffed as the umpire 's arms are outstretched , but that was just the wrong side of the tramlines
slow bouncer , outside off , a decent option , but he overcooked that as BATTER climbed into the uppercut and missed
whistles down the leg side , half an appeal as the bat flashes through , but mostly an attempt to distract the umpire from stretching his arms . It does n't work
a touch too wide , just swinging past the tram-lines on this occasion
another wide , down the leg side . FIELDER does brilliantly to limit the damage with a dive to his right
outside off , swinging away , BATTER shapes to cut , leaves alone ... and gets the wide
full and down the leg side for another wide
banged down the leg side for another wide
on a length , spinning and bouncing down leg for a wide
BOWLER appeals for caught behind but this is a leg-side wide . Back of a length and flung down leg
another leg-side wide , there 's movement on offer , but it 's shaping down the wrong side of the bat
whistling past the legs , good shape on the ball , but swinging too much
fired past the leg stump
fired down the leg side
overcooks that inswinger , way down the leg side
fired down the leg-side , FIELDER fumbles on the dive , but they do n't risk the byes as short fine leg tidies up
BATTER shuffles across off once again , throws BOWLER off his line . Speared down the leg side for another wide
lifter outside off , flies through to FIELDER , another wide , this one for height
BATTER jumps across off , BOWLER spots it and digs it down the leg side . BATTER ca n't pull it away , and it has been deemed a wide
shaping down the leg side , must have clipped the pads to avoid the wide being given ... ah , it was given . As you were !
bouncer , angling away outside off , too high , so BOWLER will have to re-bowl it
short , wide , finishes so wide that it 's past the tramline
bumper aimed at BATTER 's head , he ducks out of the way . Wide called for height
banged in short , down the leg side , BATTER climbs into the pull and FIELDER tosses the crowd catch . He 's playing up to his earlier aberration now
sharp bouncer , BATTER sways inside the line
fired past the leg stump , one notched off the target
short ball , left alone as it flies harmlessly over the right shoulder
strays down the leg side as BATTER looks to shimmy down the pitch . FIELDER flings himself to his right , taking it on the half-volley . Brilliant keeping again
inswinger , miles down the leg side at 87mph/140kph , and FIELDER dives across to his left again to save more runs
strays down the leg side at 86mph/138kph , and FIELDER flings himself to his left . Brilliant take
fired past the legs this time , decent wheels from BOWLER , who does seem quicker than I remember him in the 2019 Ashes
attempted sweep , misses out , but they get the extra anyway as the ball slides past leg
sharp bouncer , but too high for the umpire 's liking . BATTER sways beneath the ball
back of a length down the leg side , ca n't connect with the flick
back of a length down the leg side , BATTER ca n't connect with the tuck off the hip
whizzing down the leg side , good carry but wrong line
back of a length , down the leg side , too far from BATTER 's reach to connect with the flick
back of a length , angling down leg , too far from BATTER 's reach to be able to flick it
and BOWLER promptly bowls a short one down the leg side . Left alone
banged in short , too short
outside the tramlines , swinging away . We 'll have that again
length ball slanting down leg , too far from the batter to attempt the flick
back of a length , bending through the air and ca n't connect
speared past the legs , a sighter for the left-hander
fired past the legs ... bonus for England in this situation
drags this down . Good over for England , this . After awhile , it seems
bouncer , too short ... still a bit leaky from Pakistan . But it 's still an ask for England to keep this up all the way
down the leg side , ca n't connect
pushed across the left-hander , and that looked harsh to me ! Fifth-stump , shaping away , BATTER leaves alone and gets the bonus
better line , but still leg-sided . A leaky start from Pakistan . 18 off 6 so far ...
curling past the legs , very wide
big wide , dragged way down leg side
sends this wide on the offside , but it 's outside the tramlines this time
drags it down
a tangle of limbs down the leg side , half an appeal to distract from the wide
short and leg-sided . Take two
angling down legside and that 's another wide . Feels like there 've been more wides than singles
starts this one much too straight , and so it 's slightly wide down leg
had a smear at that but it was down legside again
rare drag down , and that 's a leg side wide
spins this down leg , good grab by the keeper as BATTER looks to tickle it fine
slips this short delivery down leg , BATTER attempts to flay that but misses
bouncer on leg stump , way over the batsman 's head , wide called
short on leg stump , beaten as he tries to take him on with the hook shot . Wide signalled and perhaps rightly so
digs this one in short , the bouncer goes trampolining over KOB 's head
was it off the thigh pad ? No , this was slipping down . Wide called
dug in short but goes too high over the batsman and it 'll be a wide .
going for too much perhaps , strays down leg and he 'll have to rebowl that
cheeky slower bouncer , BATTER pulls out of his stroke and glowers
fired across the right-hander , but too wide . You know which shot he 's trying to lure though ...
fizzing past the hip . Good carry but slightly off line with his left-arm livelies
fired past the hips , trying to swing the ball but that one shapes down the leg side
huge turn from a moon ball , plopping and biting
full toss , down the leg side , I think BOWLER 's surprise factor may have elapsed now ...
whoa what was that . Wide ball way down the legside . Might have been wide for a right-handed batsman too , so far down

speared down wide of the stumps , right on the tramline as BATTER swings and comes off his feet ... No , called wide !
spears this down well wide on the off side as BATTER loses his footing
pushed down the leg side as BATTER goes back
goes past BATTER down the leg side for a wide
short and down the leg side
another short ball , a slower bouncer , this one high enough to be called wide
errs down the leg side for a wide this time
down the leg side this time as BATTER looks to work it to leg , it 's a wide
round the wicket , fired wide of the stumps with the keeper up
a bouncer that BATTER lets go but it 's called a wide for height
starts off with an extra . Goes for the wide yorker , but a tad too wide
loosener , down the leg side on a length
good length , on leg stump . Sharp turn down the leg side though
good length , outside off , and angling further away . Wide given
back of a length , on leg stump , and shaping further down . BATTER considered flicking it fine ...
speared down the leg side at 89mph/143kph , called wide
fullish , outside off , and through to the keeper
length down the leg side , BATTER ca n't get bat on it but it 's called wide
hung wide of the off stump - very wide in fact , and umpire Millns tells BOWLER to bowl another
speared down the leg side at 86mph/138kph , called wide as BATTER lets it fly past his backside
loopy bouncer outside the off stump at 84mph/135kph . BATTER lets it go , and it 's called wide
slower ball bouncer at the left shoulder , BATTER swings at it but ca n't get bat on it . Gough has a long think , and belatedly calls wide
slower ball on a length , but down the leg side
short ball , which BATTER ducks underneath , and Saggers says it 's too far down the leg side , much to BOWLER ' chagrin
short ball , loops way over BATTER 's head as he ducks , and called wide
strays down leg a bit with this back of length one and he 'll have to re-bowl that
bouncer , but banged down too short over leg stump and that 'll be a wide for height
sprayed very wide of the off stump . Left alone , and called wide
short ball at the left shoulder , 90mph/146kph , but too straight and too high
that one is a wide though ! Tried for the same ball , but just the wrong side of reachable . Good option though ... I wonder if he 'll try it again ...
round the wicket , fired down the leg side as BOWLER followed BATTER 's shimmy to the leg side , but overcompensated
another wide , BOWLER bending his back and going for it , but straight occasionally veers to the leg-side
whistling down the leg side , shape on that delivery , but misdirected
wide yorker that 's a touch too wide
sliding down the leg side as BATTER heave-hos into a wild slog with the line . It 's a jolly small boundary out there ...
another one veers down the leg side . A lovely curling ball to a left-hander ...
fired down the leg side , albeit with some encouraging inswing to the right hander
drags this down legside . Australia have been a bit untidy today with the extras
loose ball down legside
strays down legside with a short ball
short , too short , we 'll have that one again
fired in flatter , outside leg , and BATTER misses his pull as FIELDER wears the ball on his shoulder to gather it . Turn and bounce ...
sliding past the legs as BATTER leaves it deliberately to coax the wide
that one will finally be called . Another short ball and this one was straying a bit too far down leg for the umpire to overlook . Shane Warne , though , has lost his rag on commentary talking about it
BOWLER strays slightly wide down legside
wayward to begin . Dragged well down legside
strays too far wide to start
attempted slower ball , sprayed down the leg side
speared past the leg stump
too short , no response needed there
full , fired down the leg side and called wide
flighted up slowly , down the leg side , BATTER lunges down the pitch looking to work out to square leg and FIELDER ca n't gather . Might have been a stumping chance , but a tough one if so ...
strays down the leg side , slightly untidy from FIELDER behind the stumps
banged in short , BATTER barely breaks out of his stance to drop a not-entirely-subtle hint that that might have been a wide ...
wider line , too wide for the umpire 's liking
rolls the fingers , slides down the leg side
looped up well outside leg stump , straightening through to the keeper - but that 's a wide
some movement for Big BATTER , bowling from over the wicket , but it swings behind the batsman for a wide
looped up well outside leg stump , straightening through to the keeper - but that 's a wide
some movement for Big BOWLER , bowling from over the wicket , but it swings behind the batsman for a wide
fired down full and wide of the stumps , maybe just on the tramline ... but called by the umpire , much to BOWLER 's chagrin
back of a length and sliding down the leg side
bouncer aimed at the left shoulder , too short and called wide by the square-leg umpire
another wide , hung outside off at gentle medium pace but the wrong side of the tramlines
oh dear , oh dear ... another very wide one outside the off stump , left alone and called wide again
hung very wide of the off stump , almost off the cut strip
speared down the leg side , poor start
slips this one behind the pads for another extra . SA doing England 's work for them , here
loses his radar again , slung down the leg side
shortish , 136kph/84mph and shaping away ... wide on the off side this time
short and leg side , BATTER flicks at it ... and FIELDER claims the catch , even as umpire Brathwaite signals a wide ! Think that was some kidology from the SA keeper/captain
hung outside off , BATTER flashes at thin air but it 's wide enough to be called as such , much to BOWLER 's annoyance
sprayed down the leg side again
strays down the leg side , given as a wide
pushed across the left-hander , wide of the off stump . Very wide , in fact , and Shaun George calls it a wide
fails to adjust , fired down the leg side
speared down the leg side to start
length ball , strays down the leg side and called wide
short ball , BATTER ducks underneath it . Bit of a glare from BOWLER , but it 's very high and called a wide by the umpire
sliding past the pads ... scores level
too much width once more , targetting the tramlines with little impact
wrong side of the tramlines this time ... BATTER swishes in vain
too much room outside off ... BATTER 's window of opportunity shrinks by another run ...
short and leg-sided . It 's looking futile now
barely hits the cut strip with that one
fired out wide of off stump
slower ball , but sliding past the pads
fired down the leg side
fired down the leg side , shouts of `` catch it '' but that was mostly to hoodwink the umpire . He was n't fooled
down the leg side
sizzling lifter , but too short and wide this time !
banged in short . Good aggression but too short for the umpire 's liking
slides this one down the leg side
too wide again ... I guess an extra ball and run is preferable to a smoking over midwicket ...
too wide once more , another huge wind-up . Good thinking from BOWLER , but the wrong side of legal that time
banged in short , too short again
sliding past leg stump . We 'll have that one again
short and aggressive , swaying inside the line
attacking the tramlines with an angle across the left-hander , but just the wrong side once more
fired across the left-hander , too wide to lay a bat on
bouncer , but too short this time

dug in very short , whistling through as BATTER rocks back - wide on height
harsh wide ! That looked to have pitched inside the tramlines , but was swinging away .
slower ball , BATTER misses out with a mighty mow across the line , but it slides past leg stump for the extra anyway
banged in short , but called wide on height
fired full down the leg side , BATTER watches it by
floated up very wide - too wide
flighted , spinning down the leg side as BATTER flicks at it ... FIELDER goes up for the catch , and up goes Oxenford 's finger , too ! There 's an immediate signal for a review , though , and although there was a sound , there was also clear daylight between bat and ball . So the decision is overturned and it 's called wide , too
angled w-a-a-a-a-a-y across the left-hander
too much width this time , no reaching that one
left alone once more as BOWLER bends one away from the left-hander
cutter from BOWLER , but drifting down the leg side
full , shaping away , just into the tramlines as BATTER swung himself off balance backing away
misdirected again , down the leg side
whoops , barely hits the cut strip
whistling through from back of a length
short and leg-sided , banged in too short this time
fired down the leg side
sliding down the leg side
outside off , ca n't reach that one
sliding down the leg side
short and sharp , but too short , to BOWLER ' chagrin
short of a length and sliding down the lg side
banged in , 136kph/84mph and high over the crouching batsman - wide on height
fired down the leg side as BATTER advanced . BOWLER pulled his length back in response but his line erred too
banged in short , skimming past the lid as BATTER flinches inside the line
sliding past the pads
sliding down the leg side for the fourth wide of the over . At least these wides are n't going for six ...
banged in short , FIELDER applauds but the square-leg umpire has other ideas
down the leg side
looping leg-side full-toss . An attempted slower ball but off-target
huge appeal down the leg side , but the umpire is n't taken in , and England do n't bother to review the ensuing wide
slides past the pads
banged in short , down the leg side . Does n't get away with that one
back of a length down the leg side , signalled wide
short of a length , down the leg side
too wide this time ... we 'll have that one again
urgh .... that 's horrid . Round the wicket , a wide full toss
wide line from round the wicket . Too wide
flighted from over the wicket , BATTER sweeps and misses ... but it was leg side and called wide
this time it is a leg-side wide
fired down the leg side
sliding past the leg stump . A fittingly anticlimactic opening . Still , BATTER survives one ball longer than in Barbados
angled past the pads , another one notched off the target
banged in short , too short
short and fast from round the wicket , BATTER leans back to let it zip by
fired past the leg stump , at a good pace , but the wrong line
bouncer from BOWLER , up above head height as BATTER has a swing and misses
pushed down the leg side
banged in at 138kph/86mph , rising and leaving BATTER as he swings wildly ... That 'll be a wide
sliding down the leg side
big raucous appeal as the ball slides down the leg side again . They are reviewing ? No , they are not ... crack on
misdirected this time , down the leg side
oops , this is getting repetitive . BOWLER is very nearly bowling an unplayable line . But the ball is just drifting past the ribs each time
once again , good lift , wrong line .
big carry down the leg side . BATTER leaves alone with gloves raised high
speared down the leg side
short and pushed down the leg side , a comprehensively off-beam wide
cross-seam , skidding through down the leg side - wide called
short and whizzing through down the leg side - that 's the first run BOWLER has conceded
short and pushed down the leg side , a comprehensively off-beam wide
cross-seam , skidding through down the leg side - wide called
short and whizzing through down the leg side - that 's the first run BATTER has conceded
early shuffle from BATTER , wide of the tramline from BOWLER ... he does n't like it but the umpire signals wide
BATTER backs away , banged in short ... another wide
slower delivery , but this is too close to the tramlines
short ball , climbing through outside off - too high
tossed up and spinning but that 's well down the leg side
sliding past the leg stump , we 'll have that one again
fired down the leg side
pushed down the leg side , no swing to bring it back on line this time
whoops , right idea , but too wide of off stump
sliding past the pads
oops , same again
slipping past the leg stump , Pakistan are losing their way right now
pushed through leg side
short ball outside off , above shoulder height and BATTER watches through
thumped in short , way over BATTER 's bonce
slips past the leg stump
fired on the angle , down the leg side
fired past the leg stump
banged in short , climbing through to the keeper
over the wicket , spinning down the leg side
sliding on behind the pads
short and swinging away as BATTER swings away and misses
short and down the leg side
short and sharp , but getting too big on the batsman for the square-leg umpire 's liking
fired past the leg stump
fizzing down the leg side
short ball , pace off and it loops through as BATTER attempts to ramp it ... But called wide on height
goes full and again leg side as Imam scoots across and misses with a scoop
sprays this leg side as Imam moves across and lets it go
speared down the leg side
back of a length and down the leg side
swinging past the leg stump
sliding past the pads from round the wicket
banged into the deck , well wide of off stump
length , 82mph and wobbling in , the line was straight to begin with though and it zips behind the pads
over the wicket , starts with a bumper - too high !
hint of swing , but wide down the legside , and Sarfraz dives to collect . Well , fumble , but collect eventually
called wide and FIELDER has to stretch to avoid conceding any byes
fired down the leg side
and this was flubs past leg stump with no bounce ... oops
too short , zings through to the keeper
outswing on a wide line . Too wide ... but that 's encouraging
fires this one down the leg side
slammed in short at 90mph , touch leg side and too high , according to the square leg ump
another bumper , this one too high
fired behind the pads as Shaoib gets into line
short ball , dragged leg side
short and sharp , too short on this occasion
sliding past the legs
that was a short one and it 's been signalled as a wide as it sails waaaay over the batsman 's head
fired down the leg side
swing this time , but only down the leg side
length , 87mph but slung down behind the pads
another fuller one , and wide down the leg side
that one sliced across the line and went wide at 89mph
attempted slower ball , sprayed down the leg side
speared past the leg stump
too short , no response needed there
full , fired down the leg side and called wide
flighted up slowly , down the leg side , BATTER lunges down the pitch looking to work out to square leg and FIELDER ca n't gather . Might have been a stumping chance , but a tough one if so ...
strays down the leg side , slightly untidy from FIELDER behind the stumps
banged in short , BATTER barely breaks out of his stance to drop a not-entirely-subtle hint that that might have been a wide ...
wider line , too wide for the umpire 's liking
rolls the fingers , slides down the leg side
fired down full and wide of the stumps , maybe just on the tramline ... but called by the umpire , much to BOWLER 's chagrin
back of a length and sliding down the leg side
bouncer aimed at the left shoulder , too short and called wide by the square-leg umpire
another wide , hung outside off at gentle medium pace but the wrong side of the tramlines
oh dear , oh dear ... another very wide one outside the off stump , left alone and called wide again
hung very wide of the off stump , almost off the cut strip
speared down the leg side , poor start
slips this one behind the pads for another extra . SA doing England 's work for them , here
loses his radar again , slung down the leg side
shortish , 136kph/84mph and shaping away ... wide on the off side this time
short and leg side , BATTER flicks at it ... and FIELDER claims the catch , even as umpire FIELDER signals a wide ! Think that was some kidology from the SA keeper/captain
hung outside off , BATTER flashes at thin air but it 's wide enough to be called as such , much to BOWLER 's annoyance
sprayed down the leg side again
strays down the leg side , given as a wide
pushed across the left-hander , wide of the off stump . Very wide , in fact , and Shaun George calls it a wide
fails to adjust , fired down the leg side
speared down the leg side to start
length ball , strays down the leg side and called wide
short ball , BATTER ducks underneath it . Bit of a glare from BOWLER , but it 's very high and called a wide by the umpire