punched out to deep point off the back foot . Oh my goodness . Buzzers , and then buzzers again ! The sweeper throws it in on the bounce , but it 's not gathered as it flies over KJP 's head after an unusually springy bounce , and then the man backing up hits the stumps at the bowler 's end , meaning the ball deflects away for a third !
gets down to reverse-lap , paddling over the keeper , very fine . The fielder gets back to cut it off , but they 'll come back for three . 6,000 ODI runs for
full on leg stump , swept away past short fine leg on the 45 . Half-stopped , and deep backward square cuts it off , but not before they get back for the third
chopped hard into the off side
back of a length , a short-arm pull to the edge of the rope at midwicket . BATTER is brisk between the wickets so a simple three
short this time , BATTER rocks back for the pull , ca n't totally nail it , but the outfield is vast and that 's plugged behind the ring of fielders . A long chase to the edge of the rope
full , straight and swinging , and BATTER flicks nonchalantly away through straight midwicket . FIELDER gives chase
smoked through the covers this time ! Back-foot punch , looked to be racing away ... only for FIELDER to pull off a brilliant stop on the boundary
pitched up and driven , not quite timed but he 'll pick up three out towards deep extra cover
length ball , decent turn away from the pad , and edged past slip 's right hand as BATTER comes forward to defend . FIELDER gives chase running back and will cut it off
full and angling across BATTER , who gets down on one knee and threads this away through the gap in the covers . FIELDER catches up with it , and saves the fourth run
full and straight , and BATTER shuffles across to clip through straight midwicket . FIELDER gives chase , but they 'll get back for a third
full , swinging back into the pads , and clipped away through midwicket . The outfield here is famously quick with so many practice pitches across the square , but FIELDER does well to scramble after it and claw it back , just inside the rope
that 's well played , fractionally too full on the pads and eased into the gap at wide long-on
panned off a good length , out through cow corner . More intent-laden boshing from Sri Lanka who have come out with a plan this morning
bit of nip off the seam , out to backward square
that 's well played , fractionally too full on the pads and eased into the gap at wide long-on
panned off a good length , out through cow corner . More intent-laden boshing from Sri Lanka who have come out with a plan this morning
bit of nip off the seam , out to backward square
stabbed firmly out through the covers , fractionally too full on this occasion , and well clawed in on the edge of the rope with a slide from
leading edge squirts up and over the man in tight at cover ! Length ball , good bounce and a hint of nibble away off the seam , and BATTER looked to clip off the pads . But the bat face closed , and the ball skewed up and over the infield
round the wicket , and that 's excellent from BATTER , leaning on the drive with a big stride , and finding the gap in the covers
full on the pads , clipped away through straight midwicket . FIELDER scampers after it , and cuts it off just short of the boundary . Elegant flick from BATTER , who is batting outside of his crease to negate the swing
fullish , close to off stump , nice stride forward for the checked drive straight of mid-off
bottom-handed tonk through wide mid-on . Over-pitched a fraction , that was in the air for a while as it was swept up inside the rope . But well enough played
full length , flicked off the pads , a tumbling stop at wide long-on . England bring up the hundred in brisk time . Think that 's even faster than the last game
cracked into the covers , a firm push through the line
clawed into the deep , where FIELDER does well to drag it back at long-on . Another cutter from
googly , wide line , cut with the spin by the left-hander , through backward point to bring up the 100 . This is getting promising now for Pakistan
flatter , wide of the stumps and KOB cuts , takes some good work from FIELDER in the deep to cut it off in front of the rope
punched out to point , almost dug out on the full length , but a tumbling fumble at point gifts the runs
flogged in the air , but safe , several feet over the head of short midwicket as Ireland try to up the ante against England 's surprise weapon
nicely timed , just a push through the off side as he moves into line , gets it between extra cover and mid-off
walks across , exposes his stumps and BOWLER bowls straight ... but BATTER it alive to it and fences away past short fine leg . Sliding stop required by BATTER running around from deep square
good length , on middle and angling across . Punched through the covers , where a misfield allows them to take a few more runs
back of a length , on middle , and he mistimes the grounded pull . Work for FIELDER to the square-leg boundary , and he manages to save one
length outside off , 89mph/144kph and it races away as BATTER leans on the cover drive . FIELDER gives chase , and just about manages to cut it off with a dive
short and wide outside off , cuts it nicely through backward point . Good effort in the deep by FIELDER Currant to run around and cut off the boundary but the attempted relay through goes awry as he lobs it out of FIELDER 's reach . That allows the batsmen to take a third
short and wide , BATTER goes after it but only gets a toe-end to the cut . Carries over point but not enough legs to go to the boundary
full and wide outside off , BATTER gets it away behind square on the off side and FIELDER just about prevents the boundary . They race back for the third , and this is turning into a very expensive over !
down the track and goes over the in-field . Bat turned in his hand and not timed that at all but it lands safely over extra cover . Not enough legs on it to go to the boundary though
uppish but in the gap through backward point . Full outside off , he opens the face to drive
shuffling onto the back foot , fenced firmly through the covers , and that 's an excellent double-stop on the rope , a sprawling dive first-up , then a well-judged pick-up
nails it in front of square leg . Set up for the slog and cleared his front leg to hammer it into the onside
a thick outside edge , they all count , into acres of space at deep point
tucked into the square leg region , and FIELDER looked a little awkward cutting that off . It enabled England to come back for three , but Australia a shade concerned for FIELDER , who 's supposed to send own the next over
jabbed into the onside and they manage to run three on what is a very long boundary . Anotehr expensive over
half-volley and while BATTER did n't quite time this as well as he wanted , it nearly races away to the short boundary . Sharp work from FIELDER keeps it to three
strays down the leg side , poor ball to ease the pressure . Tickled round the corner with a delicate sweep , FIELDER just about catches up with it and pulls it back in to save an extra run
loopy low full toss , dinked fine with a deft paddle-sweep and they scamper through for a third
easing into a sweetly timed clip to leg , weight leaning into the ball on impact . Intercepted with a tumble inside the rope
skips out , attempts to hoick leg side again ... back-of-the-hand slowie from BATTER and FIELDER does n't time it , manages to clear the infield for three towards long-on
skips out , attempts to hoick leg side again ... back-of-the-hand slowie from BOWLER and BATTER does n't time it , manages to clear the infield for three towards long-on
fired in at the pads , tucked away through wide mid-on ... the fielder eventually catches up with it and cuts it off , but not before they get back for a third
full and straight and this is clipped through midwicket for a couple as FIELDER runs around
extra bounce , BATTER cuts , slices it hard and fast past slip ! Barely counts as a reaction chance for FIELDER , though he did get a hand on it , FIELDER doing well to reel the ball in in front of the rope
length ball , perhaps slightly overpitched , and BATTER times this sweetly down the ground past mid-off . FIELDER catches up with it in time to cut it off , but FIELDER 's relay throw is wayward and they get back for a third
short and wide , cracked on the up to deep point where the boundary is clawed back in with a sprawling dive
hanging on the back foot once again , and bashed firmly out to deep cover . Well stopped on the edge of the rope , but lots of intent again
that 's the BATTER slot , over-pitched and out comes the cover drive , placement over timing on this occasion , and clawed back inches from the rope
dug in short and BATTER top-edges into the leg side ... somehow it lands between two men ! BATTER hurtles back for a third
flighted , BATTER muscles this up and over cover , into the open spaces ... FIELDER charges around from long-off and catches up with it just in front of the rope
opens the face on the lifter outside off , FIELDER does brilliantly to claw back the boundary at third man
short ball , 85mph but at a comfortable height for BATTER to pull , sweetly struck beyond midwicket ... but FIELDER has tracked this down from deep square leg , like Michael Johnson coming around the bend in the 400m , and dives to save four !
genuine edge ! A flat drive , not quite to the pitch , and FIELDER has no chance to intercept that . First slip would have swallowed it
over the wicket to BATTER , pitched up at 86mph and BATTER strokes through extra cover again , this one slows up in the wet outfield and wo n't run all the way
follows up by going full , BATTER 's down early and paddles the ball fine for a few more
flipped on the up , through wide long-on , meeting the full length with intent
no slip , and BATTER gets away with one ! Angled into the right-hander , slashed loosely , a genuine nick , but FIELDER can only watch it sail by . Decent fielding on the third man rope
slower ball outside off and BATTER larrups it through backward point , FIELDER gives chase and hauls it in ... though it then squirts past FIELDER coming the other way ! Luckily it does n't go on to the rope at any point
thrashed down to third man , bobbles towards the rope ... just about hauled back in after a long chase
flicked into the leg side , they push hard for a second ... and then get another as the throw is wayward
shorter from BOWLER , BATTER laps it down fine leg . Good running from the pair , they manage to sneak three
punched firmly down to long-off , FIELDER fumbles a touch after giving good chase
slower ball , on the pads , turned fine , a long chase for FIELDER but he claws it back in
bit of width , BATTER crackes a cut in front of square , skimming away towards the rope , but well stopped by the diving FIELDER on the boundary - saves his team a run !
a confident slap onto the on side , there 's a bit of a muddle FIELDER backs up FIELDER in the out field and they 've scampered through for three
strays down the leg side , poor ball to ease the pressure . Tickled round the corner with a delicate sweep , FIELDER just about catches up with it and pulls it back in to save an extra run
loopy low full toss , dinked fine with a deft paddle-sweep and they scamper through for a third
easing into a sweetly timed clip to leg , weight leaning into the ball on impact . Intercepted with a tumble inside the rope
fired in at the pads , tucked away through wide mid-on ... the fielder eventually catches up with it and cuts it off , but not before they get back for a third
full and straight and this is clipped through midwicket for a couple as FIELDER runs around
extra bounce , BATTER cuts , slices it hard and fast past slip ! Barely counts as a reaction chance for FIELDER , though he did get a hand on it , FIELDER doing well to reel the ball in in front of the rope
length ball , perhaps slightly overpitched , and BATTER times this sweetly down the ground past mid-off . FIELDER catches up with it in time to cut it off , but FIELDER 's relay throw is wayward and they get back for a third