free hit , freely hit ! BATTER takes a golf swing at a length ball , and slammed into the stands at wide long-on to bring up the fifty in no time at all
Sure enough , BATTER shows how it 's done ! Short again , BATTER romps into a full-blooded pull , aiming for height over length , and getting both as a consequence ! Huge , into the stands at square leg !
banged in short , and nailed for six ! Outta nowhere ! BATTER has battled hard and really struggled to get going but goes full Randy Orton and bludgeons BOWLER over the square-leg boundary on the pull . RKO
clattered into the stands ! BATTER drops to one knee for a sweet , sweet connection , high over cow corner ! There 's a check to make sure it cleared the rope , but the sound off the bat said it all !
pongo ! Skips out early and smears this high over cow corner� BATTER 's advance turned the ball into a full toss and he gave it the kitchen sink
pounded over long-off ! BOWLER has lit YJB 's fuse and he explodes into a lofted drive , cleaned out down the ground , and it sails all the way !
clears long-on ! FIELDER was in the game on the boundary as BATTER gave it a clout down the ground , and got his right hand to it while throwing himself up , but could only tip it over the rope !
genuine humpty ! Walloped over wide long-off ... In the slot from FIELDER and BATTER just strides out , launches it up and over , front elbow high . Sixy stuff
back of a length , and pelted over long-on with a huge mow ! Deep in the crease , clearing the front leg , strong base , big wallop !
steps out and thumps it straight back ! Clean swing through the line from FIELDER , going for the shorter , straighter boundaries , and he clears the rope comfortably
that 's a revolting hack but it 'll do ! FIELDER springs down the track , FIELDER bangs in a last-minute bouncer , a huge spiralling top-edge and clean over the rope at fine leg !
back of a length , and pelted over long-on with a huge mow ! Deep in the crease , clearing the front leg , strong base , big wallop !
steps out and thumps it straight back ! Clean swing through the line from BATTER , going for the shorter , straighter boundaries , and he clears the rope comfortably
that 's a revolting hack but it 'll do ! BATTER springs down the track , BATTER bangs in a last-minute bouncer , a huge spiralling top-edge and clean over the rope at fine leg !
tossed up slower and fuller outside off , barely 80ks . BATTER gets underneath the length and launches a slog-sweep over midwicket . Bam !
BOWLER lobs a full-toss outside off , BATTER stretches out and smites a six over midwicket . Duly put away
and there comes the mandatory big hit . Tossed up too full , and BATTER clears his front leg and swings across the line to send it over deep midwicket , dismissive style .
length on the stumps , he goes down and across to sweep , creates the space to have a big swing at it , and connects so well it pings the boundary triangle on the full . So it 's another six .
imperious batting . Skips down the track , gets to the pitch of it and uses wrists to flick it off his pads , connects so well it carries over deep midwicket
and now he 's unleashing even more power . Short again from BOWLER , he goes deep in his crease and slugs across the line to send this over the deep midwicket boundary
the runs keep coming . Fuller on the pads , and effortlessly flicked off his pads with heavy bottom-handed wrist power , sends it soaring over square leg .
biffed over long-on BOWLER went fuller , BATTER took a giant step down and unleashed a golf swing that connected beautifully .
and BATTER 's found his range.Too full and that 's bang in his hitting arc , comes on the front foot and swings it over long-on
boom BATTER breaks the shackles in style . 145 kph ball on the stumps , over-pitched , he clears his front leg while stepping forward and lofting his drive straight back over the bowler , all the way
boom . that 's powered over long-on . He was leaping up to try and get it , but it goes half a foot over . Full toss on leg stump and he uses bottom-handed power to smack this flat , hard , but high enough .
BATTER 's bringing out all the shots . This is short on a fourth stump line , BATTER arches back and slashes it over third man . There 's no spot on the boundary he ca n't target , seemingly .
boom . Full on middle and leg , BATTER picks it up while clearing his front leg and swings it over long-on
wallopped . Fuller on middle and leg , plays a pick up shot and absolutely nails it . Hammered way over square leg . BATTER has come in and turbo-charged India 's innings .
bang goes BATTER . Gives himself room , full ball on the stumps and he goes inside out to loft this over long-off . Making room allowed him to extend his arms and swing freely
clobbered over midwicket . Too short , sat up and asking to be hit , BATTER dispatches it with a fierce pull shot that goes all the way
laced over extra-cover for six . BATTER backs away outside leg , tossed on leg stump and spins away . BATTER opens up his hips and hits over the top
BATTER brings up a half-century with a slog-swept six . Pushed through outside off , not sure if that was the wrong'un . BATTER stretches out and clobbers it in the air to the left of long-on
and now he goes over square leg . Nerves ? what nerves ? Banged in short , he stays still this time , swivels on the back foot and unleashes a monstrous pull shot .
hoicked over long-on . Stunning hit . This was bowled on a length outside off , BATTER coolly stepped out , which meant the lenght was n't very short , and hoicked it over long-on
whoosh . This is stick cricket batting on cheat codes . That was a good ball by BOWLER on a free hit , very low full toss on the fifth stump . BATTER stands still and pumps it over extra cover . Minimal bat swing . Just how ? !
pounded with eye-popping violence over cow corner ! Holy smokes , that is smoked ! BATTER is in an insatiable mood now !
round the wicket , into BATTER ' arc for a slog sweep , and tipped over the bar by FIELDER at deep square leg ! Oh lummie , it 's just following him now . He mistimed the jump , but that was travelling
flambee-ed into the stands once more ! Different spinner , same response , rocking back this time to lift the left-arm spinner high over long-off !
tossed up , tonked ! BOWLER is toast . He 's butter on the toast ... he 's the crumbs of the toast left on the plate . I feel so sorry for him . Into the stands again , there 's no respite at all . High over his head once more
battered over the leg side again ! A couple of steps , BOWLER 's pace through the air makes him a sitting duck to a well-set , aggressive biffer . 77kph . Whoomph
pumped over wide long-on ! Tossed up , dipping in the slot , down on one knee , flogged high over the leg side , rinse and repeat !
hard and straight from BATTER ! Tossed up , above the eyeline , dipping in the arc , and pummelled into the sightscreen !
clattered into the stands to bring up a sensational hundred ! In the slot again from BOWLER , hauled across the line over deep midwicket . And after barely seeing a ball in the opening overs , he 's rushed to a 95-ball hundred that sets up their chase beautifully
a free of the arms ! BOWLER errs fractionally in length , looping it into that slot once more , BATTER gives himself room with a shift of the front leg , and dumps it over cow corner !
hoisted over midwicket ! BATTER shimmies onto the back foot , giving himself oodles of room to launch the long-hop , and that 's high over the ropes ! BATTER is dealing almost exclusively in sixes for his catch-up shots ... and he 's ticking nicely now
back over the wicket , and that 's a gift for BATTER ! Dragged down from BOWLER , BATTER might have been shaping for the sweep but rocked back for the pull instead , and hitting with the spin , that was launched over midwicket
here goes BATTER ! Those sighters have not been in vain . A full-on golf swing through the line , high over mid-on , slapping his backside with the followthrough !
slammed into the stands ! Baristow rampages to his fifty in dismissive fashion , another loopy delivery , dipping into his arc , and hoisted up and over long-on !
BATTER 's warmed up and is unleashing now . Although unleashing has a sense of heavy power in it and he 's once again just timed it to perfection . Length ball on the pads , he plays a pick-up shot and flicks it effortlessly over square leg . He 's not hit the ball in anger but got 12 off two balls
Imperious . There 's a long-on in place but he has hit it so well and so straight that it 's gone over the boundary - just about - without the man having got anywhere near it . Overpitched on leg stump and he checks his lofted drive again , and once again gets the timing oh so good .
clears FIELDER at long-on and BATTER has crossed the 40s to raise a fifty . Thumbs up to his dugout and a wide grin on his face . Googly by BOWLER which he did n't pick , was clearing his front leg to loft it high . Gets it off the eend of the bat , and FIELDER ca n't quite reach it
clears long-on . Fuller on middle and leg , he plays a checked lofted drive , times it to perfection . FIELDER at long-on jumps up but the ball is out of reach
slower ball , back of the hand , but in the slot ! BATTER picks it early , leans back on the lofted slog , and dumps another six over long-off !
too short , slapped over midwicket ! This is carnage now ! BATTER is treating the leg-side boundary as his personal fiefdom ! A slower ball , slapped with disdain into the stands !
wide full-toss , it would have been an extra ball if he 'd left it ... but why do a thing like that ? ! A cuffed upper-cut , over third man , and that 's his seventh six of the innings !
oof , that was gone from the moment the bat crack was heard ! A shuffle across the crease , FIELDER misses his yorker , and suddenly it 's a leg-stump full-toss , pumped high over square leg again !
a one-handed wallop , high over the sightscreen ! Good grief , he was nowhere near that , but trusted his eye after belatedly realising he 'd been beaten by the slower ball , and that just arcs over long-on !
short , and slammed for a first-ball six over square leg ! Eat that ! Another first-ball six in this series .... they 've been stacking up !
wide again , but BATTER has leathered that ! Reaching outside off , kneeling for extra leverage , and through come his shoulders to lamp that over wide long-off !
battered with steely wrists over midwicket ! You ca n't feed BATTER with leg-stump half-volleys ! That 's a poor , leaky over from BOWLER , whose plans have been scrambled at the death
slotted over extra cover ! BATTER picks the slower ball , on a juicy length , and pan-ow-ied to the stands !
slower ball , battered hard over long-on ! Here come India , the charge is on !
in the slot , on the pads , flogged high over square leg ! BATTER is in the mood now !
big wristy googly , and BATTER picks it like a mango ! A satisfactory wind-up , down on one knee at the point of impact , and launched into the midwicket stands ! A decisive end to an otherwise decent spell from BOWLER . He got the Big One at least ...
down the track and over the top . Tossed up , and he dances down , reaches the pitch and lofts it straight back over the bowler 's head . Regally done , full swing of the arms and the ball went over the sightscreen
bang . poor ball and BATTER punishes that . Too short , googly spinning down leg , he goes back and pulls with force to send it over backward square leg .
pounded in short and wide , and slammed over long-on ! BATTER rocks so deep into his crease , belting the cutter as it sits up in the pitch ... this is the big over now !
BATTER clears the front dog , and biffs the attempted yorker into the stands ! Huge intent , high over long-on . Now then ... is this the do-or-die over for England and BATTER ?
back of a length , and bludgeoned over cow corner ! Sits up , through come the hands , sailing into the stands !
short and outside off , just 130ks , BATTER jumps back and pummels a pull over midwicket . Pinged off the middle of the bat
darted fuller and outside off , BATTER drops down to one knee and clobbers it over midwicket . He clears FIELDER in the deep with a slog-sweep
here comes BATTER : dashes down the track and clears long-on . It 's not easy to step out to BOWLER , he does n't give the length and time , but BATTER manufactures a six with his power
more zippy extra bounce , and BATTER gets away with a top-edge ! That 's miles over the boundary , but a win for BOWLER ! BATTER was in no position for the pull and is lucky he 's got a fat edge !
105ks slower full ball outside off , BATTER dashes out of the crease , gets close enough to the pitch , and lifts it over mid-off
BOWLER tests BATTER with a chest-high short ball on middle , he splices a pull over long leg for six
chest-high short ball on middle , BATTER takes it on with a pull and hits it stylishly over long leg for six
half-tracker on middle , sits up to be hit . BATTER obliges , launching a six over midwicket
flighted and outside off , BOWLER tosses it into BATTER 's swinging arc . Down the track and thumped over the bowler 's head for a powerful six . Another wrong'un ? Does n't matter
lots of air this time and that 's mowed into the stands ! BATTER brings up his latest fifty with a stereotypical smack across the line . That 's his slot , and it 's slotted once more !
down on one knee and bludgeoned high over midwicket ! BOWLER 's figures are taking a pounding now ... it might be time to shelve the spin attack for now ...
in the arc again , and whoomphed over the leg side ! This is getting rowdy now as BATTER hits with the spin again
BATTER 's in the mood now as well ! Stands and delivers , a flat crease-bound whack through the line . Not dissimilar to the third of Kapil 's four sixes at Lord 's 1990 ... in case you fancy a throwback reference !
here comes BATTER , nowhere near the pitch , but nails it all the same ! An offbreak to the leftie , dipping before he could reach it , one hand comes off the bat , and it 's way over long-off !
battered over cow corner ! BATTER is restored to his favourite slot , to finish the over with a bang ! Just tossed up a touch too much to a leg-hungry six-muncher . And that will settle his stomach a bit after a cautious start !
hoisted over long-on ! The fielder was up , so the shot was on , a stride to the pitch and a wipe through the line . Dumped into the stands !
short outside off , and BATTER stays legside of it and flays him up and over extra cover ! Whoosh ! 85mph from BOWLER , and BATTER cleared the front leg early . There was enough width outside off , and BATTER flashed hard , using his strong wrists to nail him over the fence
a skitter to the pitch , and another murderous smite into the stands ! Well now , Parky , where 's your response ... absolutely heaved !
another mow over midwicket ! More height than distance this time , but so much height that it 's clean over the rope !
BATTER connects even more sweetly ! A wonderfully mellifluous crack of willow on the slog-sweep , into the second row !
bouncer , and he 's taken it on supremely ! A roundhouse hook , grabbed from outside off , no attempt to keep it down as he slams it over backward square !
carted into the stands ! A big swinging arc through the leg-side , over midwicket . Fierce blow , as the sanitiser is called for . Nasty , dirty fan fingers ...
just a touch short , and BATTER pounces , rocks back and pulls it high over the forward square leg boundary
in the slot , and slotted into the Hollies ! BATTER 's on the march now ! He sees the finish line hurtling towards him , as that one just sits up for a mow across the line , into a rollickingly happy crowd of fans
it might be dead now ! Banged in short , outside off , a euphoric swing across the line , over midwicket , and the requirement is below a run a ball !
short , smoked over backward square ! BATTER climbs into the bouncer , and nails it off his eyebrows , not afraid to hit up into the shot , and that 's clean over the rope !
drags one down , and BATTER wo n't miss out on that ! It 's a long hop , and the England captain had all the time in the world to pick his spot over cow corner and pick up six
great pick-up off a length first ball , and he 's dispatched it over cow corner all the way for six . That 's more like the BATTER we tend to see with Islamabad United
well it 's in the slot , and it 's out of the parkThat 's not where you bowl to him , half-volley , at pace . He smashes it over long-on
BOWLER is taking a real pounding now . Flighted right into BATTER 's zone , who charges down the pitch and hits through the line of the ball over the head of long-on . Glorious drive , really , one that goes all the way
he 's in ominous mood now , charges at BOWLER and smashes him over mid-off all the way
back of a length , and picked up with aplomb ! Seizes on the cutter , and slaps it high over cow corner !
smacked straight back to finish the game in style ! Right underneath the length as he hit it back . Clean as they come
struck magnificently ! Too short and BATTER was ready for it . Fast hands , quick reflexes as he rocked back to whip this away deep into the stands at fine leg .
clattered ! Full and in the slot , BATTER is down on one knee and slog-sweeps high over the midwicket boundary . Flex
goes leg side , catches this one ... honked into the stands ! Sounded sweet off the bat as BATTER slog-swept high and handsome for six . Timely blow
one-handed pull for six . Short down legside and BATTER has been feasting on those . Gets it right off the meat and the ball travels all the way even though one hand came off the handle
swatted over fine leg . BOWLER has stuck to the short ball but this one goes down leg and BATTER just has to stay still and swivel to pull it . Gets great timing on it and it sails over
crashed magnificently into the stands once more ! Two steps , smoked high and handsome over long-off . And that equals the England fifty record !
rifled over square leg ! That 's sensational power , sensing the angle into the pads , and clobbering it high and violently into the empty stands !
oof , fetch that ! Quite literally in BATTER 's case , lining up the outswinger , on a very wide line , dumping his foot across the crease , and hauling a massive slog sweep into the stands !
on leg stump , BATTER goes for the big sweep , gets a leading edge but he 's got enough to send it over the midwicket boundary !
another smashing hit from BATTER on the leg side ! Pitched up on off , BATTER eyes the length and heaves to the leg side for a big , big swing and gets six
goes hard , heaved into the stands ! Went for the slog-sweep and this time he fetched it some way back into the seats at deep square leg !
Honked for six more ! Hammered off a length this time , bit more height than distance but it plops into the stands at deep backward square
fore ! That 's right on the fairway ! BATTER nails his pull beyond the empty seats at deep square leg ... Properly tonked !
what a way to bring up the fifty , BATTER ! Goes down on a knee and absolutely smothers that over the midwicket boundary . Shades of BATTER there
too short , BATTER rocks back and opens up to slam it with some power over the midwicket boundary ! BATTER 's second six
excellent use of the free hit ! He opens his stance early , gets a short ball and pulls it away while taking a hand off the bat . And it goes all the way !
hammered ! More short stuff , and given short shrift by BATTER ! Swivels and dispatches another big six over deep backward square leg
speared in straight , BATTER strolls down ... plonks this into the seats ! Hooned over wide long-on , right out of the screws for his first six
dug in , tries some chin music , but BATTER is seeing it well now ... Hoicked high and handsome on to the concrete concourse ! Ab-so-lutely flayed over deep backward square on the pull
that shot was screaming confidence ! BATTER dances down the ground , makes it a full delivery outside off and swings that over the long-off boundary for a six !
another short ball , another handsome pull from BATTER and this one goes all the way ! He stood in the crease , pulled it high in the air and it just cleared the square leg boundary
aggressive ! In the slot , and he comes down the wicket and then swipes it leg side to hit a six over deep midwicket
going , going , gone ! Back of a length , and he waits on the back foot and hammers a pull over deep midwicket ! Using the short boundary well
in the slot outside off , and moosed into the stands over straight midwicket ! My word , that came out of nowhere ! BATTER set himself deep in the crease , and short-arm jabbed him over the rope for six
top-edges another pull , but it flies away over the rope for six this time ! Short ball , BATTER was too late on it this time and it looped up over the rope , over the boundary , and into the car park on the bounce
half-a-dozen more ! Full and straight , BATTER sets himself and clubs it over midwicket again !
drops short , BATTER rocks back and nails him over midwicket for six ! Picked the length up early , rocking onto the back foot and leathering BOWLER into the stands
here we go ! Full , outside off and he runs down the ground to smash a six over wide long off ! He ; s taking no prisoners here .
length ball , pace off again , but BATTER picks it this time and nails it over midwicket for a towering six ! Free swing of the arms , and it lands on the hover-cover 10 yards over the boundary . That 's only the third boundary Australia have managed since BATTER was out in the 44th over
low full toss , and BATTER flicks it over deep backward square for six more ! Not a great ball , and BATTER just clipped it over the rope with a little whip , the wind doing most of the hard work for him
in the slot on the stumps , BATTER frees his arms looking to go leg side and sends it sailing high and mighty over the rope ! Lots of elevation , but enough distance on it to fly over the midwicket boundary
tosses up a legbreak , BATTER decides to take it on and sends it miles over the midwicket rope ! Huge six , helped by the wind no doubt but that would have been six on most grounds , flying into the top tier
here we go ! Half tracker outside off , and he breaks his wrists to loft this over sub fielder FIELDER over deep midwicket ! Nearly goes all the way . BATTER met the ball too much in front of him , forcing him to generate a bit less power than he would 've liked
boom . BOWLER goes too full and BATTER gets a free swing of his arms to loft this over long-on . Way over .
bang . Tossed up full and wide and BATTER goes down on one knee to slog-sweep it straight over the bowler 's head and all the way
stunning . Where did that come from ? ! Down the track and BATTER drives with a very straight bat , lofts it all the way over the bowler and the boundary line . What a hit . That 's a shot that deserves a roaring audience .
banged in , back of a length , and BATTER swats at it , sending it over the rope for six ! Did n't quite get up as he 'd have liked , and BATTER cleared the front leg , hooking towards the shorter boundary . The wind carried it over FIELDER on the rope , and it 's half a dozen more !
bang goes BATTER ! Dances down the track and disdainfully pulls a short ball . Nice thwacking sound off the bat as it flies hard and straight over midwicket .
High and handsome ! FIELDER 's back on the rope at long on ... but BATTER has nailed the googly ! Right in his slot , BOWLER went for the wrong option there , and the new man was waiting for it !
on the pads , and smoked over square leg ! BATTER is onto 99 ... and this game is cooked !
battered high and hard , and BATTER has his hundred ! Brilliant from BATTER , seizing on the length , getting right underneath it and flogging it high over the sweeper !
flat and fast , belted through midwicket once more ! Too straight , and BATTER is in his element , kneeling into the stroke to mow it hard
monstered into the Point ! That is absolutely huge ! Second tier of the massive great red monolith at wide long-on , and who 's going to rescue that ? Some bloke has emerged with gloves on to return the vector of disease ... Wallop !
clattered on the up and over cow corner ! BATTER has bided his time , and this time he gets right underneath a full-blooded launch , down on one knee ! Shot !
does n't matter this is a long boundary , that 's clobbered to the long onside boundary . Got into position and found it was right in the slot , and picked it up and sent it the way of the car park !
slog sweep to the short boundary , and that goes for six - just ! . FIELDER was stationed underneath and it looked like it was going straight down his throat . But the breeze is blowing in that direction , and BATTER gets away with it
he wo n't rush through them now BATTER 's slapped him over his head for a colossal six . That was right in the slot , and BATTER could n't have asked for a better ball to clobber away
picked up and disdainfully dispatched over cow corner . BATTER is n't hanging around . Targets the short boundary and clears it comfortably
Ho ho ho ! That was as premeditated as they come . BATTER moves across and shows all three stumps , but smashes it over square leg . That came cleanly out of the middle , and he 's joined in the fun
BATTER connects well with one , and BOWLER has been slapped down to cow corner . It was in the slot , and he lay in wait anticipating adelivery of this sort , and executed the shot perfectly . BOWLER under pressure right from the off
that 's an unbelievable shot , even more so given it brings up his hundred . Just a short-arm jab to a ball at 89 mph . So casual , and yet it clears the square leg boundary comfortably
that 's impressive hand-eye coordination , what a shot . Got down and across and laps it over fine leg . It carries all the way for six
well , no one 's stopping that . It was in the slot , poor delivery , in truth . BATTER rocked back and gave it a thump , and this time gets it perfectly right . Sails away past cow corner and into the car park . They might need a new ball here .
exquisitely picked up and dispatched to cow corner . Made BOWLER look a medium pacer with the audacity of that shot . Just fractionally short and he jumped on it immediately
that has utterly flown ! Banged in short , BATTER barely needs to stoop to get underneath it , though , and launches an uppercut of a pull shot , 15 rows into the stands behind square !
long-hop ! And tonked over the rope ! When you 're as diminutive as BATTER , a fraction short is too short ! Launched on the up over cow corner
utterly humptied back over the bowler 's head ! In the arc , dumped with dismissive power high onto the sightscreen . De BATTER stands and admires his handiwork
lumped into the stands ! Back of a length from BOWLER , BATTER gets under it with contempt , hitting up up and away , onto the hopeful hands of a butter-fingered spectator at long-off !
heave-ho ! He picked that slower ball alright ! A monstrous mow , high over cow corner for England 's first six of the day !
BOOM ! FIELDER 's out of his box ... Length ball on middle , smoked into the crowd at deep midwicket ! Picked up , sweet connection and that flew
BOOM ! BATTER 's out of his box ... Length ball on middle , smoked into the crowd at deep midwicket ! Picked up , sweet connection and that flew
tossed up , BATTER plants the front foot , goes again ! Smeared flat into the boundary boards ! No more mucking about from Denners
launched into the stands at deep midwicket ! BATTER brings up his fifty with a clean slog-sweep for six
drag-down , BATTER rocks onto the back foot and mooses this over deep midwicket for six ! Poor ball , and clobbered over the short boundary ... not completely out of the screws , but more than enough for it to fly into the crowd
short outside off , BATTER pulls unconvincingly and uppishly ... FIELDER is a couple of feet off the rope at deep midwicket , jumps up and backwards trying for a spectacular catch but can only push it over the bar for six !
smashed off a length over long-on ! Breezy swipe as he steps out and swings BOWLER back over the rope
length ball , 137kph/85mph , BATTER charges out ... mullers six more over long-on ! Golf swing from BATTER , slightly underclubbed , actually , but had enough to clear the rope . This is carnage
murderous intent from YJB , smashed flat through square leg ! Not all that short , but dispatched with alacrity over the rope once again
dug in short , BATTER latches on - hammers a pull into the boundary boards ! Three extra-crunchy boundaries in a row , as BOWLER is left shaking his head
pongo ! Picked up off the pads , and dumped on to the grass banks ... ! Almost a lazy flick from YJB , but all timing as he launches the ball through the thin Highveld air
quicker ball in the slot , BATTER picks it up early and bludgeons it over midwicket for six more ! Dire bowling from BOWLER at the death , but BATTER has played a lone hand to drag South Africa up to a competitive 256 for 7
slower ball , shuffles across to the off side , and nails it over deep midwicket for six ! Picked the slower one , moved early , and short enough to hammer through the hands of the fan in the back row and out of the ground again !
slower ball , reads this one , and carts it over the short boundary at deep midwicket into the stands ! Too short really , a back-of-a-length offcutter which he nails over cow corner
picks this one up , slog-sweeping it high and mighty over midwicket and out of the ground ! Finally , BATTER gets one out of the screws , 88m over the short side and over the back of the stand at cow corner
flighted , wide of off stump , but fetched for a flat six over cow ! Maybe picked the wrong'un , big stride out and then creamed over the ropes
short from BOWLER , bullied into the bleachers at deep midwicket ! Meat and drink for BATTER , who rocks back and crunches six
massive ! Length ball , picked up early , and whipped off the hip with a flick over midwicket , flies into the tenth row ! Brings up the fifty stand between these two
down on one knee , and battered mercilessly into the stands !
back of a length , and manhandled over wide long-on ! It 's a power grab
too short , too leg-sided , and humptied over the leg side ! The kitchen sink , stove , fridge and underfloor heating went into that one
makes room , hoicked over extra cover , that 's going all the way , too ! BATTER is roving , and we know he can go big , as the holder of England 's record ODI score
crunched down the ground , goes to his hundred with a six ! Hit straight back over the bowler 's head ! Exuberant celebration from BATTER , his seventh ODI ton , and from just 65 balls - his fastest for England
down on one knee , and make that 24 sixes for the match ! And once again it 's clean over midwicket , the right-hander 's version this time . If Windies can clear the ropes at will , then England can do likewise !
down on one knee , smoked into the stands at wide long-on ! Finishes with the 23rd six , to break the ODI record for an innings !
reverse-slapped over deep point ! That equals the record for the number of sixes in an ODI innings ! Extraordinary shot from BATTER , on a day of extraordinary hitting
floated up full on off , BATTER goes downtown ... Sails all the way , into the sightscreen ! That 's the 21st six of the innings !
tosses up a googly , BATTER mullers it into the stands first ball ! They 're still swinging , hitting with the turn and sent flat into the crowd at deep midwicket
should have given him the single ... BATTER smears the ball flat at hard over midwicket , that 's his 12th six of the day ! BOWLER so close to escaping that over intact
goes again , on to the roof ! A 98-metre six over midwicket , that 's not coming back either ! BATTER 's fourth six from 20 balls faced so far , making his demotion to No . 6 seem a little odd
more humpty , BATTER clears cow corner again ! Tossed up straight and fair blootered into the leg side !
tossed up on the stumps , FETCH ! ! ! BATTER 's spanked another one out of the park ! Plants the front foot and mows Mo over the stand at deep midwicket
flighted , outside off stump , walloped back over long-off ! Languidly smoked down the ground , a scotch-and-cigar stroke for six !
flighted , BATTER is down on one knee , flowing swing of the bat - and plonked into the stands at deep midwicket ! That went sweetly , hitting with the wind
tossed up , legspinner in the slot and bosh ! BATTER cracks his first ball sweetly over long-on ! Finds his range immediately
a smeared top-edge , three men chase back to the rope , but it 's plopped over the line as well ! Lordie , that wind does its job again ... it 's like watching Alastair Cook at Wellington in 2008 after all !
down the track , a pirouette on a good length , and launched over deep midwicket once again ! Plops into the crowd this time , so a clear mishit ...
too full , too dismissive ! BATTER 's turn to unleash some lashes , right under a full-blooded mow into the stands at long-on !
TONK ! Now now , there 's no point bowling there , regardless of free hits and bluffs and whatnot . Pongo-ed over the stands at midwicket , again ! Replacement ball No.4 ...
BOWLER has n't learnt his lesson ! Another offcutter in the slot , and BATTER beasts this monstrously over deep midwicket , and out of the ground again ! A third replacement ball comes into play .
pounded over midwicket once more ! Length from BOWLER , a slower ball to boot . There 's nothing juicier this side of the Jerk Chicken stand , and BATTER chows down with gusto !
smoking ! Think Brett Lee at The Oval in 2009 for distance ! Absolutely in the slot , and monstered over the stands at midwicket , and into the neighbouring parish ! Out comes a new ball , no point hunting that one down , it 's embedded in a taxi bonnet somewhere . Now then ... penny for FIELDER 's thoughts ...
here we go ! A sashay down the track , right to the pitch of the ball , a heave-ho through the leg side , and BATTER turns on his heel and starts marking his guard once more
Ab-so-lute-ly MASSIVE ! Full blooded and straight as a die , an arcing golf-swing followthrough , right under the ball with maximum power and it clangs onto the far side of the roof of the media centre !
hello , the Boss is in the house ! Carved meatily down the ground for six ! BATTER finally breaks the shackles , hitting his 477th international six , to go past Shahid BATTER at the top of the list
Fore ! Swung into the crowd at deep midwicket ! No mucking about , just picks up the length and Happy Gilmores it waaaaaaayyyy back for the first six of the day !
butchered over midwicket ! Sat up on the back foot , and swung lustily across the line !
too short , and a dismissive cross-batted swat flies ten rows into the stands !
whump , there it is ! Lofted for a regal straight six ! Just about clears the sightscreen , and I think that 's been lost , too
drops short , clubbed over deep backward square ! BOWLER gets some of his own medicine , just a shovel to leg from BATTER and it sails away
in the arc , and out the park ( again ) ! BATTER is down on one knee to swing a slog-sweep towards deep midwicket , plants it on the roof of the stand for the umpteenth time over these two games
short and wild and spanked flat over the rope at deep backward square ! BATTER again takes on the short ball and uses the pace to good effect
BOOM ! BATTER takes this to the cleaners over wide long-on ! Dragged down and he rocks back to send an exocet into the crowd - the sound that made
full toss and that is properly Battenburged down the ground for a massive six ! Straight into the top tier of the stand !
heave ho , off it goes ! Blistering barnacles , that was a clean stroke , fetched from off stump and dumped into the crowd at wide long-on
ah , he 's finally remembered his name ! Absolutely monstered over long-off ! Not an undercooked yorker this time , but a short ball that sat up for BATTER to pulverise into the crowd , a la Kolkata 2016
clubbed ! Straight back down the ground ! BATTER jumps across and , having picked the cutter , launches it with flat-batted menace for six
up , up and away ! Too short from BOWLER , and BATTER is hitting with the breeze , just gets under the ball , and lets the jet-stream do the rest !
pounded into the stands ! Another mighty wind-up and wallop from BATTER , down on one knee , in his arc , and dispatched against the spin over deep midwicket !
scooped off the pads , high towards deep square leg ... And FIELDER can only tip it over the bar for six ! Valiant effort , just too much on it and he leaped one-handed
another cutter , this sits up on leg stump and allows BATTER a free swing , plonked on to the dugout at deep backward square ! Up , up and away
heaved into the leg side , has it got enough to clear long-on ... ? Yes ! YJB put in some hangtime on the boundary but the wind just about huffed it over the rope
here we go again ... BATTER puts his first one out of the ground ! So nonchalant , so powerful . Tossed up on leg and this seemed like nothing more than a little paddle-sweep to leg . And then the ball is bouncing away over the roof of the stand
thar she blows ! Tonked back over long-on ! First six of the day for the Boss Man
tossed up , goes again , clears the man at deep midwicket ! FIELDER was the man on the rope , he went for the flying catch , two-handed so it would have probably carried him over , but could n't hold on
hello , it 's Mr Kolkata ... Big sweep and he nails that on to the roof at deep backward square leg ! Monstrous from BATTER , and he 's on to his highest score in ODIs . Lost ball , too
onto the front foot , and dumped up and over long-off ! BOWLER tosses it up , but the Kraken has well and truly stirred after that momentary alarm !
heave ho ! Up comes BATTER 's 150 with a monster mow over midwicket ! Was that half-chance earlier in the over as good as it will get for BOWLER ?
woof ! Well , who needs sighters ! Short , fast , and smoked clean over midwicket ! This is nonsense !
in the slot , slotted through the line , over long-on yet again . This is ludicrous !
two steps down the track , and slapped out of sight , over long-on ! The 40th six of the match !
short this time , BATTER swivels , and batters another pull over the ropes at midwicket !
slammed through the line , and over long-on ! That is sumptuous hitting !
leans back , gets right under the ball and dumps it ... clean over the ropes at long-off ! On he marches !
pumped up and over the bowler 's head and BATTER marches on to 97 ! Crumbs ...
low full toss and pounded into the stands once again ! Over long on ... my goodness , this is carnage
plants the front foot and boshes through the line to reach 10,000 ODI runs , with his 500th six ! And it 's gone straight and high , into the stands , and he celebrates by raising his helmet high ! This . Is . On !
pitched up , clears the front leg - hooned high over long-on this time ! Shades of BATTER in Kolkata , easy pickings and right where BATTER likes it
makes room and belts this one flat over long-off ! BATTER tees off and puts BOWLER on the fairway !
full and wide , cutter from BOWLER ... ker-Plunked over long-off ! First six of the day from BATTER , a sweet , flat effort drilled beyond the ropes !
length ball , BATTER makes room and butters his parsnips over extra cover ! No value in giving him width , either
here he goes again ! Brutalised over long-on ! BATTER climbs into BOWLER ' first ball of the over
full in the slot , larruped down the ground this time ! BATTER clears the ropes again , muscling a chip over long-on
short ball , sits up nicely , BATTER latches on ... that 's outta here ! Another offcutter from BOWLER but no problem for BATTER to time it , smeared for a flat six
BATTER pummels his first six ! Short and whumped over deep square leg , into the boundary boards ... Knows he needs to start quicker today
full outside off , touching 90mph ... coolly ramped for six ! Audacious and he got plenty of bat on it , the ball sailing up , up and away towards fine leg , landing several yards beyond the rope !
into the stands yet again , BATTER brings up his 150 with the world-record 24th six of the innings ! Over deep midwicket !
England equal the sixes world record ! BATTER clears his front foot , biffs through the line , and that 's 23 and counting for the innings , matching West Indies in Barbados last week !
spanked into the stands yet again ! And BATTER gives BOWLER a salute as he trudges back to his mark ! Another low full toss . The umpteenth of the innings , and it vanishes over cow corner again !
jeepers , that 's vast ! He did n't even middle that one , just a filthy slap on the up over the bowler 's head ! And it 's gone miles !
another full toss , another slam over the bowler 's head ! It has to be said , this bowling has been diabolical ... but where would you bowl to two batsmen in this mood ?
there 's the hundred ! Yet another full toss outside off , yet another monstering over the leg side ! Down on one knee , middled over long-on , and England are charging for 400 here !
back of a length , too easy for BATTER ! A golf swing back over the bowler 's head , and into the wall of the stand !
bazooka-ed over long-on ! Christmas cactus , that is massive ! Full length , looking for the blockhole , and just getting brutalised for missing his length !
into the toes , into the stands ! Absolutely monstered over the midwicket boundary , there 's that bottom hand again , just lifting it up , up and away , and it 's a race to the century now !
that is a nonsensical blow ! Straight and full , with men back on the rope , and just banjaxed over the bowler 's head !
another full toss , another dismissive six ! BATTER walks across his crease , drops to one knee , pounds a slog-sweep over the leg side . This is carnage !
flashed on the up over the leg side , it 's raining sixes !
too short , off line , picked up off the pads , and BATTER becomes the fourth man to pass fifty in this innings ! . And at least the third to get there with a six ...
round the wicket , outside off , BATTER drops to one knee , and utterly smokes this on the up over deep midwicket ! Reaching for the wide one , and pounding it
plonks the foot front , swings through the line ! Fetch that ! Clean over long-on
back of a length , and crashed over deep midwicket ! BATTER sits so deep in his crease , and is waiting on the back foot to slam this onto the grass and bring up his half-century
down the track , battered on the up over the covers ! Right to the pitch of the ball , a big wallop at a wide one , nailed it
drops short , and BATTER dumps it over wide long-on ! A heavy-metal thrash off the back foot , sails well beyond the rope
voluminous wallop ! That 's just raw thwacking from BATTER , swinging through the line on a full length , against the wind , and over long-on
much fuller length but the same result ! Right underneath the ball , and times the pants off his elevated flog over midwicket
the same , with knobs on ! BOWLER 's lost his length here , and BATTER 's in a mood ! Over the leg side again
leaning back , and banjaxed into the crowd ! Across the line , swatting against the spin . Have some of that !
tossed up on a wide line , and dumped over extra cover ! The boundaries have been brought right in due to the rain , and that just plops invitingly over the rope
ping ! Too short , BATTER ' bat-speed does the rest , a ferocious pick-up over deep midwicket
kapowed over midwicket once more ! Beausejour is writhing in ecstasy like ... something unprintable .... back of a length , slammed across the line . BOWLER is being massacred !
101 sixes and counting ! England just want to get to the golf course while there 's still daylight . Weight on the back foot , eyes out on stalks . Cuffed over extra cover !
lifted over backward point with utter disdain ! Another bouncing bomb from BOWLER , BATTER leans back in the crease , wafts up through the line and plops it over the rope ! The 100th six of the series !
pummelled over long-off ! A fraction back-of-a-length , so BATTER this time leans back on the drive and lifts it over the rope !
marmalised onto the grass banks at midwicket ! Because , of course it is ! Searing pace from BOWLER , back of a length , but he just trusts his eye and heaves for glory !
bludgeoned into the stands once more ! The faster they come , the faster they fall , smashing hard into the breeze as BOWLER comes round the wicket to cramp him for room , but that 's right in his slot !
in the slot , absolutely slaughtered into the stands ! Hard luck on BOWLER , he could n't go short because he 'd bowled his one for the over , just back to the bowling machine length , and machine-gunned over long-off ! Onto the roof of the pavilion !
outside off this time , so BATTER leans back and yawns it onto the rope at extra cover ! Hits the sponge on the full ... this is getting messy ...
on the toes , into the stands ! Dismissive brutality , overpitched , so BATTER just leathers it across the line . Cor
smeared over the leg side ! Length ball , BATTER makes room and pings a lazy golf swing over the rope at deep midwicket !
googly , in the slot , hoicked all the way over long-on ! BATTER frees the arms and pongos it into the crowd to keep Pakistan alive !
pitched up , misses his mark - smoked over long-off by BATTER ! Fresh'n'clean and straight over the ropes ! Dead-eye BATTER is the key man here
hammered back down the ground for six more ! They scattering in the stands at long-on ... He 's showing his T20 chops here , ticking from the get-go
tossed up , BATTER dances down , launches the ball handsomely wide of long-on ... FIELDER was in the hunt going to his right but it evades his reach and lands beyond the rope !
tossed up , nice and juicy ... and blootered into the stands at deep midwicket ! That went off the middle clean as a whistle , a valuable boundary for the new pair
heave ho ! Very full , speared into the legs , and BATTER just clears his front leg , hoicks through the line , and dumps a dismissive hack over square leg !
tossed up and c-r-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-n-c-h-e-d into the crowd at deep midwicket ! Brutal hit from BATTER , clearing the front leg and mowing FIELDER for a Dorothy Dix
boom ! There goes BATTER , hoisted high over long-on into the crowd ! Had enough of sparring and he unfurls a roundhouse blow for six !
smashed ! Baseball blow over long-on ! No mucking about , weight on the back foot and heaved beyond the rope
clears the front foot , belted up , up and over long-off , and there is the hundred ! BATTER , the new father , acknowledges his new baby , and well , he 's the daddy alright ...
crashed over the leg side once again ! Mayhem ! BATTER is into the 90s with time to spare ...
launched once more ! Too full , BATTER gets his nonsensical wrists underneath an uppercut of a drive , and climbs his stroke into the crowd at long-off !
just dobbed on a length , and gleefully pounded over cow corner ! Murderous intent now !
flashed high over extra cover ! Tantalising for Imam , peddling back on the rope , but he ca n't get close ! BATTER is in a mood
ab-so-lute-ly v-a-a-a-a-a-st ! Creamed with disdain , high over the leg side , too full , in the slot , punished !
panned over deep midwicket ! BATTER glances at the toe of the bat , as if he had n't middled it . Just imagine if he had ! It would be appearing over third man around now , after completing a lap of the globe
battered hard and flat over the leg side again ! That was just a terrible ball to BATTER , in the slot , angling in , tempting the bottom hand to torment it !
into position so early , and utterly launched over deep midwicket ! So deep in his crease , turning a length ball into a long-hop , and his wrists do the rest
another grubby pie , and launched over long-on !
floated up outside off , BATTER opens his shoulders ... twocked all the way on to the rope at long-off ! Caressed inside out , full-fat bottom hand and it sails all the way ( just )
flogged over extra cover ! BATTER just leans back on a wide delivery , hits it on the up , gets right underneath it with a complete absence of manners , and dumps into the crowd ! Smoking !
thar she blows ! BATTER has had enough of this nonsense , pulls out the driver , and smokes a fade down the fairway , clean over long-on , and 130 yards to the pin
a fraction short , and smoked long ! Right under the shot , lifting it into the stands ! The midwicket crowd fetches its hard hats
swung lustily into the crowd ! Another sweet connection as BOWLER bangs it in too short
humped over the rope ! BATTER sets himself deep in his crease , swings across the line , and over cow corner !
BATTER is at it again ! He went bonkers on this ground two years ago , eight sixes in his century , and two more tonight , a strong-arm jab over midwicket and onto the rope
plonked over the ropes at midwicket ! Just a fraction too short , and BATTER gets right underneath it
pumped over long-on ! Just a shuffle forward , minimal backlift and then lofted on to the concrete concourse for six !
Rooooooot ! Skips out and dumps the ball over long-off ! Cleanly smote
floated up and that 's drilled into the confectionery still again ! Flatter but again struck with a vengeance over long-on
FETCH ! ! That 's gone on to the roof ! loopy offering on middle and leg , YJB steps down and kippers this many a mile over long-on , almost out of the ground ! Either way , they 've lost the ball
back of a length , pongo-ed over midwicket ! Camped on the back foot , deep in the crease , gets the bat right underneath the stroke and hoists it like a Jolly Roger into the stands !
pick that one out ! BATTER stands firm on the back foot , swings through the line , and slots it effortlessly over long-on !
down on one knee for the sweep , and that 's out of the ground ! Picked the length so early ... and shockingly , one of the stewards has managed to track that down , it was clean over the stands
pounded over wide long-on ! That 's dumped into the residential home , full length , full swing , sending the old folk scattering on the third-floor balcony !
another barbecued straight drive ! New bowler , same stroke , planting the front foot and climbing through the line !
short-arm jab , clean over midwicket ! Wow , did I mention BATTER 's finding his timing ?
absolutely huge ! Out comes the golf swing , BATTER teeing off on a perfect length , slapping his own backside in the followthrough . Massive !
poor ball , a full bunger on the stumps and BATTER creams it over the rope at wide long-on ! No messing about , another sweet strike
well , that 'll get them a bit closer ... full outside of , BATTER opens the arms and slugs down the ground , just creeps over the boundary rope for six more !
uff , where did that come from ? Right out of the screws and into the stand at long-on ! Missed the yorker and BATTER shows no mercy with a casual-looking punch down the ground that soars over the ropes
pace off again , 76mph and BATTER latches on with a pull ... middled over deep backward square ! Peppering the crowd once again , moves to the brink of fifty
pitched up invitingly , BATTER plants it in the stands ! Not quite a yorker and the batsman was sitting back , ready to muller it well over long-on
walloped over long-on ! No need to run for those ... Imam showing his full range now , too full and he just opened the body and smoked it back the ground , well beyond the rope !
here we go ! BATTER brings out the power , and launches a bottom-handed biff high over long-on . Not a lot wrong with the ball , but that was good aggression
FIELDER goes for the catch at deep point , but ca n't haul it in ! Short ball , filthy delivery from BOWLER , slapped high and handsome and it 's always coming down just beyond the boundary , great effort by FIELDER but ends up dropping it over the rope !
look out in the crowd ! Picks him up from a length and lifted for six at deep midwicket ! BATTER grabbing this game by the lapels at the last
BATTER connects , heaved into the stands at midwicket ! Goes to the leg side and smashes the living daylights out of this to get the crowd on their feet again
hundred for BATTER , and how ! Nails it , sending the ball sailing over the short boundary over extra cover again . Just 75 balls to get it , and well deserved . This could be one of those daddy hundreds !
another absolutely terrific strike . That is filthy talent from BATTER . Short delivery , BATTER picks it up extremely early and swipes away to square leg , where it carries all the way . What quiet period ?
just as I say it , scooped for six ! What a lovely shot that was . Premeditated , but BATTER lifts this one over fine leg , and it carries all the way over the short boundary . Terrific confidence and timing
round the wicket , bonked down the ground ! That was BATTER picking the length early , meeting it on the front foot , and flowing through the line !
short , pace off , slugged over long-off ! Sort of an ungainly tennis smash , but he gets it well back over the rope
SMASHED ! ! Full on leg stump , cross seam and simply lofted back over long-on ! BOWLER , meet BATTER ... That 's the lift-off Pakistan are looking for
heaved leg side , just enough on it for six at deep midwicket ! FIELDER was the fielder in attendance , but he had to run beyond the rope in trying to get there
BATTER makes the move again , tonked on to the rope at long-off ! No problem levering that one up over the infield , and it looks like it just had the legs to go for six !
BATTER gets in on the act now ! WIdth from BOWLER , plenty of flight too , and BATTER tees this one up from outside off stump to clear cow corner
banjaxed into the stands ! Length ball , oodles of width , clears the front dog , mows through the line ! Sails over the short boundary , but that would have cleared most in the world !
slaughtered over point ! Christmas cactus , that 's well timed ! Leaning back for the uppercut , nailing it off the middle of the blade . Over the head of backward point !
banged in short , a top-edged pull , and that soars over the rope behind the keeper 's head ! Moral victory to the bowler , but maximum reward to the batsman
full toss , BATTER shoots for the stars - and clumps six over extra cover ! Pretty dirty cricket all round , a couple of England men were scurrying towards it in the deep but in the end the ball had enough to clear the rope !
short ball , now he latches on through midwicket ... smeared to the fence ! As we 've seen in this series , Has can smoke 'em
he hit that one better and it 's OVER the fence this time , he 's having a go here
BATTER has got under that one and sent it sailing over the short boundary into the West terrace
ooooh ... he 's stepped back and across and slogged that sweetly over the fence at backward square
fore ! Picks the slower ball , brings out the driver and hits the fairway at long-off ! BATTER keeps England on the road to 350
slower ball , BATTER is n't in control of this - and still it flies over the rope at long-off ! Mistimed , bottom hand off the bat , fetches him six !
funky from TC ... ! Scuttles across , this is a full toss and he swivels , scoops it high and handsome into the seats behind the keeper ! Plopped right on to the blacked-out area in the lower tier of the new stand , FIELDER looking less-than-chuffed
that was full and wide outside off , BATTER had all the time in the world to smack that over the fence at deep mid-wicket
boom again ! And a staff member has taken the catch in the second row !
absolutely belted over wide-ish long-on and that 's gone waaaaaay back
that 's a six over backward square leg and it 's big , on the roof ! Short ball and swung away
whack ! He 's picked that up , a rank long-hop , and punished it into the stands !
oooh , he 's latched onto that one for the first six of the innings over mid off into the bottom tier
that has utterly flown ! Banged in short , BATTER barely needs to stoop to get underneath it , though , and launches an uppercut of a pull shot , 15 rows into the stands behind square !
long-hop ! And tonked over the rope ! When you 're as diminutive as BATTER , a fraction short is too short ! Launched on the up over cow corner
utterly humptied back over the bowler 's head ! In the arc , dumped with dismissive power high onto the sightscreen . De BATTER stands and admires his handiwork
lumped into the stands ! Back of a length from BOWLER , BATTER gets under it with contempt , hitting up up and away , onto the hopeful hands of a butter-fingered spectator at long-off !
heave-ho ! He picked that slower ball alright ! A monstrous mow , high over cow corner for England 's first six of the day !
tossed up , BATTER plants the front foot , goes again ! Smeared flat into the boundary boards ! No more mucking about from Denners
launched into the stands at deep midwicket ! BATTER brings up his fifty with a clean slog-sweep for six
drag-down , BATTER rocks onto the back foot and mooses this over deep midwicket for six ! Poor ball , and clobbered over the short boundary ... not completely out of the screws , but more than enough for it to fly into the crowd
short outside off , BATTER pulls unconvincingly and uppishly ... FIELDER is a couple of feet off the rope at deep midwicket , jumps up and backwards trying for a spectacular catch but can only push it over the bar for six !
smashed off a length over long-on ! Breezy swipe as he steps out and swings BOWLER back over the rope
length ball , 137kph/85mph , BATTER charges out ... mullers six more over long-on ! Golf swing from BATTER , slightly underclubbed , actually , but had enough to clear the rope . This is carnage
murderous intent from YJB , smashed flat through square leg ! Not all that short , but dispatched with alacrity over the rope once again
dug in short , BATTER latches on - hammers a pull into the boundary boards ! Three extra-crunchy boundaries in a row , as BOWLER is left shaking his head
pongo ! Picked up off the pads , and dumped on to the grass banks ... ! Almost a lazy flick from YJB , but all timing as he launches the ball through the thin Highveld air
quicker ball in the slot , BATTER picks it up early and bludgeons it over midwicket for six more ! Dire bowling from BOWLER at the death , but BATTER has played a lone hand to drag South Africa up to a competitive 256 for 7
slower ball , shuffles across to the off side , and nails it over deep midwicket for six ! Picked the slower one , moved early , and short enough to hammer through the hands of the fan in the back row and out of the ground again !
slower ball , reads this one , and carts it over the short boundary at deep midwicket into the stands ! Too short really , a back-of-a-length offcutter which he nails over cow corner
picks this one up , slog-sweeping it high and mighty over midwicket and out of the ground ! Finally , BATTER gets one out of the screws , 88m over the short side and over the back of the stand at cow corner
flighted , wide of off stump , but fetched for a flat six over cow ! Maybe picked the wrong'un , big stride out and then creamed over the ropes
short from BOWLER , bullied into the bleachers at deep midwicket ! Meat and drink for BATTER , who rocks back and crunches six
massive ! Length ball , picked up early , and whipped off the hip with a flick over midwicket , flies into the tenth row ! Brings up the fifty stand between these two