dipping from round the wicket , blocked out to point
banged in short , ducked
round the wicket , tailing into the toes , blocked to the off-side
full toss , patted into the covers
hurried on the back foot again , fenced down into the crease as it is squeezed off the inside-edge into the pads
round the wicket , hitting the pitch hard , BATTER is tucked up once more on the back foot
back of a length , BATTER shuffles into line to nudge to the leg side
another bouncer , over BATTER 's right shoulder
bouncer , which BATTER ducks underneath . 84mph/136kph
driven out to mid-off from a length . 84mph/136kph
angling in , nipping back towards the hip off the seam . BATTER defends watchfully
angled into the pads from a fullish length , and BATTER is hit on the pad . No real appeal , always sliding down the leg side
banged in , BATTER steers to backward point and sets off but is sent back by
full and straight , driven back to the bowler
full on off stump , steered to backward point with an open face
pressed out to cover point
back of a length , worked uppishly towards short midwicket
width outside off , and BATTER under-edges the cut , not too far away from his own stumps !
full on off stump , driven straight back down the ground and BOWLER gets down to field
full outside off , pressed straight to mid-off
back of a length , BATTER defends with soft hands . 75mph/122kph
length ball , 75mph/121kph as he runs his fingers down the side of the ball . Steered to point
angled across the left-hander , who steers out to backward point
width outside off , cut away to backward point where FIELDER fields brilliantly
pressed out to point in defence
googly , BATTER is deep in the crease and jams the bat down to defend
banged in , BATTER drops the hands and lets it go through to the keeper
punched out towards cover point
googly , which beats BATTER as he shapes to work through wide mid-on
legbreak , defended back to the bowler off the back foot
full and straight , nudged to short midwicket
clipped straight to short midwicket on the bounce
defended into the covers with soft hands
hung outside off , left alone
cut away , into the ground , and fielded at backward point
angled across BATTER , who offers no shot from a length
on a length outside off , left alone
full legbreak , which BATTER drops deep in the crease to . Steers out to backward point with an open face
full , driven back to BOWLER , who half-stops as he gets down in his follow-through
no turn , BATTER comes forward to defend
pinned on the front pad , loud appeal ... Robinson says no ! Sri Lanka review without much hesitation . Touch and go on two fronts : did it pitch outside leg stump , and was it too high ? Clearly beat him on the inside edge , nipping back in towards the pads . Ball-tracking says ... bit of a hold up ... here we go : pitched outside leg . Review lost
angled across him again , left alone
angled across him , cut away to backward point on the bounce
angled across him , back of a length . BATTER rides the bounce , guiding to backward point
googly , defended with soft hands
full , dug out to short midwicket
full googly , worked back down the pitch
back of a length outside off , chopped away on the cut by BATTER , but he ca n't beat short third on the bounce
full legbreak , pressed to short midwicket
legbreak , no real turn , defended with soft hands
full again , worked back to the bowler
half-volley , clipped back to him and he fields in his follow-through . He 's got a little graze on his left elbow as a result but will be fine
good finish to the over , attacking line , lifting towards off stump , and firmly kept out
fenced into the off side
poked down into the crease , riding the bounce
and again , probing outside off , with cover covered , as it were . Straight into the fielder 's hands again
on top of the bounce once more , point gathers . BATTER trying to pierce the cover ring to no avail just yet
attempted cut once more , ca n't time the glide into the covers
chopped off the back foot , into the covers
edged and dropped ! Oh my word , Captain Fantastic blinks at the key moment ! In the channel on off stump , a regulation nick , low to the keeper 's left , but he sticks out a single mitt , and down it goes ! Huge moment !
attempted pull , ca n't time it as the ball is onto him quickly
well bowled , fast and tight to off stump , drawing a sturdy block to the back-of-a-length delivery
firmly into line to defend , another tidy over ticked off
pushed off the front foot into the off side
very full length , and blocked back down the pitch
left alone outside off
a gallop and thwack from BATTER . Misses everything , but he fancied a piece of that , back of a length outside off
curling past the outside edge , pushed across the stumps
whipped off the pads to the on-side , ca n't beat the field
driven off the front foot to mid-off
up on the toes , and punched to cover
high-elbowed push back through the line
fuller length this time , BATTER unleashes the drive , but mid-off pounces
shape back into the left-hander , a bit of nip from back of a length . This has been a good follow-up to the wickets . Asking the right questions and demanding respect
a shimmy out of the crease , but another good-length delivery , dabbed to cover
guided out to point , just back of a length , angled into the off stump
pops off the splice , bending the back on a tight line to the left-hander
over the wicket , blocked on the back foot into the off side
full length , outside off , left well alone
squared up on an off-stump line , patted back down the pitch
leg-stump line , poked to the on-side
very full , and pressed with a kneeling stance to cover
well bowled , right up to the blockhole from over the wicket , and solidly dabbed to point
outside off , no stroke offered
better line and length , and blocked respectfully
better line , just back of a length , squeezed back down the pitch in defence
genuine edge , but falls short of the solitary slip . Up on the toes to block the tight line
tighter line , bit of lift from back of a length , fenced with a hop into the off side
panned hard off the full length , up off the deck and straight back at BOWLER 's outstretched hand
nibble back into the pads , too high for the lbw but that 's a taxing line , straightening off the pitch on a good length
good length from over the wicket , drawing a high-elbowed stride to the pitch of the ball
advancing to the pitch , ca n't get it away as square leg gathers . A decent recovery in that over
in between length , just back of a length with a hint of seam movement . Defended
back of a length , inside-edged defence into the pads
length ball on the hip , worked down to long leg but they turn down the single
attempts the dipping slower-ball , but it comes out as a knee-high full toss . Clipped to mid-on
somehow keeps the yorker out ! Right in the blockhole , and BATTER gets enough on it , clipping into the leg side via the toe
length ball , left alone on length
angled across him , left alone
hung outside off , left alone with a flourish
short ball , ducks underneath it
on a length , pressed out to cover
clipped to mid-on , defensively
hung outside off stump , BATTER dangles the bat and is beaten on the outside edge
hard length , defended back down the pitch
defended from a length , steering to point , and BOWLER finishes with a maiden !
full , dug out into the off side
pressed to point with an open face
fullish on the pads , half-hearted appeal from bowler and keeper , but pitched outside leg stump . Or did it ? FIELDER reviews . Do n't think there was any bat on it , and it hit him on the knee roll so height should n't be an issue . Ooh , hold on , there 's a little tickle on the inside edge ! BATTER survives .
defended to short cover
inside-edged into the pad , FIELDER appeals but BOWLER does n't bother . Looked a touch high , too
back of a length , 89mph/144kph , and BATTER draws the hands inside the line
banged in short , and BATTER fends it away towards square leg , taking his bottom hand off the glove , suggesting it might have been hit
... and slip puts down the catch ! FIELDER is the man there , diving to his right . Loose waft from BATTER , no foot movement , playing away from his body . BOWLER locates the outside edge , and FIELDER is diving to his right , but puts it down
banged in , back of a length , defended awkwardly via the glove . 87mph/140kph
short ball , over the left shoulder as BATTER ducks . Thought that looked like a wide , but Mr Gough thinks otherwise
plays inside the line as BOWLER angles one across him from over the wicket
bouncer , BATTER ducks underneath it . 79mph/128kph , fairly gentle pace
angling in from a length , defended to short midwicket via the inside edge
fenced from under the eyeline into the off side
wide on the crease , angle into the thighs , and squeezed off the back foot to midwicket . More clear-cut call of no that time
outside off , BOWLER tumbles in his followthrough as this one is left alone
wafty outside off , ca n't connect
blocked from under the eyeline into the covers ... I swear I heard a `` run , big lad , run ! '' from an England fielder , capitalising on the headless chicken-ness going on out there
curl into the legs as BOWLER comes over the wicket with his inswinging line
stabbed into the off side
jammed into the covers , and another chaotic piece of running ! No idea of who is calling , when or where . For future reference , FIELDER prowling at backward point tends to be a `` hell no ! ''
pop from a good length as BOWLER comes round the wicket , rattled on the splice
hustled on a fuller length , pressed to the on-side
sizzling speed on a good length ... Clocked at 91mph again , as BATTER plays his drive about five yards too late
more sharp pace on a better line this time
back of a length , jabbed down into the crease
head over the ball in defence on the front foot
banged in short , over the shoulder
on the back foot , punched through the line
tight line , outside off , solid block in defence
flicked to the on-side , another single to the cause
drawn onto the front foot , tight wicket-to-wicket line . Defended
pressed into the off side , solid areas
battered outside the line , on a full length again
back of a length , outside off , pressed into the covers
line and length to the left-hander , as you 'd expect
solid line and length , no liberties taken there
onto the front foot to defend , slip in business for the round-the-wicket line
hurried into a defensive block , fuller and faster from BOWLER , tight line again
drawn onto the front foot , and blocked back down the ground
probing the top of off , a fine delivery in any format . Jabbed to the off side with a hurried adjustment
back of a length , very tight line , solid in defence on the back foot
clattered into the covers , fine strike but straight at the fielder
slower ball , back of a length , pushed across the left-hander . Blocked
squeezed off a tight line and good length , down into the crease
on the back foot , pressed back down the pitch
googly , zips into the pads but turning down as BATTER closes his bat on it in the nick of time
chopped off the back foot out to cover
pops from a good length once more , BOWLER 's finding awkward lift at times on off stump
up on the toes , jabbed down to backward point
zip and bounce , this one explodes away from the right-hander , sticking to over the wicket to mix up the angles
tapped to the leg side

round the wicket , and poked with a full face into the covers . That 's a fine over
firmly forward , head over the ball
dip and wobble on a beautiful length , BATTER ca n't lay a bat on it as that squeaks past the top of off !
zinger ! Outside off , holding its line on a perfect length , and taking advantage of some tentative footwork to burst past the edge
clobbered on the bicep by BOWLER ! He 's not express , but he 's getting some very awkward lift from a good length , and that 's right on the fleshy part , scrambled seam biting the pitch and launching as BATTER gets in a tangle
full-length legbreak , zippy pace , chopped to gully
banged in short , lifts past the upraised bat as BATTER opts out of an uppercut
round the wicket again , nip away from the right-hander , on a full length , poked to point
nip from a full length , from over the wicket , that tucks BATTER up as he hops back into his crease , wearing that on the fingers , and the physio is out to assess the damage
tidy finish to the over , another googly , just back of a length , and dabbed with the turn to midwicket
googly to the well-set BATTER , nudged into the covers
every one a coconut in that over , BATTER can only hop into line on off stump and press a defensive block to cover
this is hustly , bustly pace from BOWLER , back of a length , wide on the crease , angle into the right-hander and sharp lift through to the keeper
beaten once more , whistling through to the keeper from a good length
sharp pace once again , 90mph as BATTER jabs and misses outside off
wheels outside off , just back of a length with zippy seam movement . Bursts past the outside edge
half-forward on a middle-and-leg line , dabbed to cover
zippier pace , flat line , through to the keeper outside off
googly , on a good length , forward to block
head over the ball for a dab to cover
tight line , on the spot straightaway and tucked to the leg side
fuller length , forced out to mid-off . 90mph/145kph
vicious short ball , which KJP nearly ducks into . 90mph/145kph , just about gets out of its way at the last moment
wide on the crease , angling a full one in from round the wicket . Defended firmly . 90mph/145kph
angled across him , punched to point
loose waft outside off as BOWLER finds some extra bounce from just short of a length . Ca n't lay bat on ball
beauty ! How did that not clip off stump ? ! BATTER played all round this . Round the wicket , sharp movement off the seam to take it away from the bat as he looks to work to leg , and just misses the top of off
wide on the crease again , drags his length back . 91mph/146kph , and BATTER sways inside the line
wide on the crease , skiddy length , steered to backward point
banged in halfway down , pressed out to cover on the back foot . 89mph/144kph
angling in from a length , inside-edged towards mid-on
back of a length , BATTER rides the bounce and defends . Ca n't get off 0 !
length ball , pressed out to FIELDER in the covers . Thinks about the single on the slight misfield , but there scampers back
hits the splice from a good length , nudging into the leg side . 90mph/145kph
length ball , hint of width , and KJP throws his hands at it , looking to flay BOWLER through mid-off . Loses his shape , and BOWLER fields on the bounce by sticking out a left boot in his follow-through . How 's your touch ?
half-volley on off stump , driven straight to mid-off
back of a length , tickled into the leg side . 89mph/143kph
defended from a length , and that completes the powerplay
full on leg stump , flicked to leg
ooft , thick inside edge saves him . Banana ball , curving a long way back into the right-hander , and he gets a thick edge into the front pad
defended from a length , back to BOWLER in his follow-through
full on the pads , more confident appeal this time ... but they opt against the review . `` Sliding '' was FIELDER 's verdict on the stump mic . And on replay , I reckon that 's a good call . BATTER was working to leg but struck on the shin
back of a length , punched out to cover-point on the back foot where FIELDER fields well
defended into the covers from a good length
wide on the crease , and BATTER is deep in his to defend to mid-on
angling in towards the top of off stump , dabbed out to cover
width outside off , dabbed out to backward point
full outside off , hacked to mid-on on the drive
defended firmly from a length
fifth-stump line , driven to FIELDER at mid-off
full on fifth stump , driven out to mid-off
left on length
fifth stump line , defended back to the bowler
pressed out to cover-point , but straight to the fielder
good movement from BOWLER , shaping it away from the bat as BATTER edges into the covers
pulled to short midwicket on the bounce
angled across him , and he defends to mid-off
good bounce from a length , worked out towards cover
good length , inside-edged into pad , and it drops down at his feet
good bounce from a length , worked back to the bowler
loose hoick across the line , no contact ! BATTER is playing a shot a ball at the moment . Wry smile from BOWLER . Length ball , ugly hack towards leg , and it flies just over the top of middle stump !
nibbling away on a length , defended with a straight bat
inside-edged into the pad , looking to work a good length ball to leg
big airy waft outside off stump , no foot movement , and no bat on ball . Swinging away from a good length at 83mph/133kph
back of a length , punched to extra cover
beauty , which beats the outside edge . Drawn forwards , perfect line , and just past the shoulder of the bat . No foot movement
fourth-stump line , just back of a length , steered towards mid-on
fifth stump line , good length , punched out to point
pressed out towards short midwicket , no real swing
angled across the right-hander , left alone
comes forward to steer out to backward point , hint of nip away off the seam
shapes away from back of a length . BATTER , on the back foot , punches out towards cover
strays onto the pads , clipped to short midwicket , who is pretty square
a touch fuller , no swing , nudged out into the covers
shapes away from the bat on a good length , no shot
back of a length , defended towards square leg via the splice
Ouch ! Hit on the hand , and then the ball spins back past the stumps ! Good bumper from FIELDER , gives BATTER the hurry-up , and nearly gets him playing on , too !
short ball on the hip , worked to the on side but fielded in the ring
back of a length , tapped down towards point
length ball , BATTER is across and drives , extra covers misses it ... but mid-off comes across as BATTER yells `` No ! ''
angled across from over the wicket , BATTER has a little dabble at it and misses
short and wide and BATTER slams a cut , only for FIELDER to pluck it backward point again
slower ball , cutting across him , poked calmly into the covers
pitched up in the channel , driven smoothly towards mid-off coming forwards
length ball on off , dropped towards point
no width here , BATTER hangs back and tucks to midwicket
pitched up and driven , picks out mid-off
fired in full at 84mph/136kph , BATTER digs it out
short and wide , BATTER hammers a cut ... brilliantly stopped by FIELDER at backward point ! One-handed going to his right , another good bit of fielding there
banged in over leg stump , left alone
fourth-stump line , skidding on as BATTER diverts it down , wide of the timbers
fullish on middle and leg , slight leading edge as BATTER plays across it and skews to mid-on
full in the channel , BATTER reaches out and drives up to mid-off
length ball , BATTER dabs at it , gets a fiddly low edge that bounces in front of FIELDER ! Fairy soft hands from the batter , there
back of a length , jumps across and steers it down square
over the wicket , shortish on fourth stump , blocked
similar line , BATTER is across on off and taps it down
back of a length , angled across and BATTER fishes for it ... KJP then fumbles but they decides against chancing a bye
full on the stumps , BATTER drives but ca n't get this past mid-on
length , 82mph/132kh on off stump , BATTER shows this a straight bat
comes across and pushes into the covers
fuller , BATTER pokes at it , loops a drive wide of BOWLER in his follow through
length ball angled across from over the wicket , tapped square
quick on the stumps and BATTER closes the face to nudge towards midwicket
pushes this through , BATTER goes back on off stump
darted on the stumps from round the wicket , BATTER shows it the maker 's name
pushed through and he goes back and chops into the covers
misses with a reverse-sweep , hit on the knee roll ... not given , but KJP was appealing volubly for this and calls for a review . It was a googly , hit him in line , but I think pitched outside leg . Yep , clear daylight there , and Rob Bailey 's decision stands
presses out and taps back down the pitch
tossed up from over the wicket , turned to the leg side
flat offbreak , skidding on outside off , BATTER chops into the covers
over the wicket , lobbed up on off stump and prodded back
tossed up and punched coming forwards , FIELDER cleans up
round the wicket , angled in and tucked leg side
full and straight , BATTER considered the sweep but it was too quick and too full . Adapted late , defending into the point region
flat legbreak , steered to point
full outside off , pressed back to the bowler
back of a length , defended back to the bowler
cut away the point on the bounce , and FIELDER leaps athletically above his head to cut it off ! Take that , quad injury
pressed out to mid-off , where FIELDER fields
short and wide outside off , cut to point on the bounce where the hobbling FIELDER fields
worked to mid-on with a loud cry of `` NO ! ''
nips in off the seam , BATTER defends into the covers
length ball , pressed firmly out to mid-off
steered out to point with an open face
length ball , steered to point
nudged into the leg side
defended into the off side with a straight bat
nips back sharply from a length to hit BATTER on the pad , but short enough with good bounce that there 's not even an appeal - sliding down , past the top of leg stump
punched out to point on the bounce
full and angling across him , and BATTER drives straight to short cover
defended into the leg side
hung outside off , left alone
short ball , which sails harmlessly over BATTER 's right shoulder
steered out to point on the bounce
has a waft at one outside off stump , angled across him , looking to run it away off the face , but is beaten as FIELDER finds a hint of nibble away off the seam
hung outside off , left alone
angled in from over the wicket , defended to mid-off
yorker length , dug out to wide-ish mid-on
length ball , driven to mid-off with a straight bat
firmly defended to mid-on
hung outside off stump , left alone
banged in short , and it flies harmlessly over BATTER 's right shoulder as he pulls out of the hook
defended to mid-on
runs his fingers down the side of the ball , and BATTER defends firmly to mid-off
back of a length , bit of extra bounce which BATTER rides , and cuts to point
angled across him from a length , defended back down the pitch
and that man fields on the bounce , as BATTER opens the face with a steer behind square
back of a length , fenced out to point on the bounce
angled across him , and beats BATTER on the outside edge . Hint of nip away off the seam , beating the bat as BATTER covered his stumps while defending
defended from a length , back to the bowler , who fields in his follow-through
defended with a straight bat from a length
pitched up , driven coming across , picks out the man in the ring
banged in very short and wide , BATTER has to reach for it , comes off the toe of the bat towards extra cover
flattish on the stumps , defended
flighted , legbreak outside off , driven back to the bowler
looped up on the stumps and flicked to leg
back of a length in the channel , this time his cut it firmer and squarer but finds the fielder
back of a length , 85mph/137kph and BATTER pokes this into the off side
short ball , BATTER swings at a pull but finds midwicket
tossed up and BATTER heaves for the hills ... edged on to his pads
banged in , 83mph/134kph and he gets plenty of height on it , BATTER watches this one through . Good over from
tight fourth-stump line , YJB dabs this towards backward point
dug in short , good bumper outside off and BATTER pulls out of his shot
length ball , width on offer but he fails to connect coming across
tossed up full , shows it a straight bat
big full toss from BOWLER but BATTER was already pre-meditating a reverse-sweep and picked out point
flatter , maybe a googly or slider , tucked to leg
fired in quick on off stump , punched towards cover
slower ball , does him again ... BATTER advancing and completely losing the delivery as he swings to leg
dug in , 88mph/141kph and BATTER fails to connect with his pull
good length on fourth stump , defended with a resolutely straight bat
mistimed back over the bowler ! Through his shot early and it popped up , just cleared BOWLER 's right hand as he thrust it up in his follow through
shortish on the pads , BATTER flicks at it , runs between the legs off an inside edge
length ball , prodded into the covers coming across
fired in straight , 86mph and tucked to midwicket
length , going across the right-hander , 83mph/134kph and defended
tighter line , prodded back down the track
fullish , beats BATTER on the inside , SL caterwaul out an appeal for lbw ... ! Pitched outside leg , I think
bangs this in on a length and BATTER taps it away
tries to come down again , BOWLER drops it shorter , fended back down the track
fullish and he 's forward , pushed to mid-off
length ball angling in , BATTER muscles it to mid-on
length ball , 82mph/132kph , tidy lines from FIELDER , tucked to the on side
skidding on , strikes the pads with BATTER playing across the line ... inside edge , from the looks of it
shortish , defended into the covers coming across
smashed square off the back foot ... but again finds FIELDER in the point region !
pitched up and blocked solidly into the covers
brings this back in on middle and leg stump , worked square
touch full on off , tapped into the covers
shortish , tucks up the batter as he hangs in the crease , nudged to the on side
casts a line out in the channel , BATTER is n't biting
tight line just outside off , 86mph , shows it a straight bat in defence
good length , 87mph/140kph and this nibbles back off the surface to strike BATTER above the knee roll hanging back
pitched up and BATTER comes across , pushes along the turf to extra cover
shorter , lets this one go in the channel
length , 81mph/131kph , angling across the right-hander , BATTER taps it down
full outside off and BATTER glides out to ping his drive , sends it skimming straight to cover
over the wicket , full length at 82mph/132kph and shaping back , plinked fine of mid-off and there 's no run
fullish , shaping a touch , 88mph/142kph and YJB steps out to block
fuller length , gets BATTER coming forwards , did that hit pad before bat ? BOWLER is adamant and KJP calls for a review . Looks like it did brush the knee roll first , but could well be outside the line . Yep , not even umpire 's call on impact , so SL lose that one
glides to the crease , pitches this up at 87mph/140kph , driven coming forwards but straight to mid-off
keeps him back , this angles in a touch , BATTER drops the bat and chops into his body
touch back of a length on off stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat
banged in short , BATTER backs away shaping to uppercut but ca n't lay bat on ball
yorker , angled across him , and BATTER ca n't lay bat on ball trying to squeeze it down towards deep third
banged in short , and BATTER flaps at the pull , failing to get bat on ball
another slower ball , cross-batted straight to FIELDER at extra cover
legcutter , wide outside off stump , ca n't lay bat on ball
back of the hand slower ball , hacked back to BOWLER in his follow-through
back of a length , slower ball , inside-edged into the hip and it skews out towards point
half an appeal for caught behind , but FIELDER decides again the review . Shaped to hit over midwicket , across the line . Ultra-Edge shows no bat involved as it beat the outside edge
short ball again , BATTER ducks underneath it
offcutter , jags in sharply from a length , and BATTER defends back down the pitch
steered to backward point on the bounce from a length
defended to short cover , wo n't take on the single
nips away from the bat , angling across the right-hander from over the wicket . Beats his outside edge
comes forward to block BOWLER 's last ball into the covers
makes a mess of it while trying to nudge to leg . Skews up towards the vacant short leg area of the pad , and FIELDER comes forward to field on the bounce
short ball , over the left shoulder . Should be a wide , I reckon , and BATTER protests . But it 's given as a dot , which means BOWLER finishes with a maiden , and 0 for 35 from his 10
fullish outside off , steered to point
sharp bounce from back of a length , fenced out to point . 86mph/138kph and BOWLER hits the deck in his follow-through again . Not sure if he 's having a problem with the landing area
banged in towards the ribcage , and BATTER gets outside the line . He wonders if this should be a wide , but it was tight enough to the leg stump , according to the umpire
full , angling in towards off stump , driven to mid-off
slammed into the pitch on a good length , worked to mid-on . 86mph/138kph
beaten . Turns away from the outside edge as BATTER comes forward to defend
half-volley on off stump , BOWLER gets down to field in his follow-through
googly , crablike defence towards the vacant short-leg region
full and straight , defended to mid-on . Lone appeal from FIELDER , but I think this missed the boot and hit the toe of the bat
leading edge , which falls just short of FIELDER at short third . Legbreak , turning away from the bat , as BATTER looked to work into the leg side
cross-batted flash at a wide-ish length ball . No contact . 88mph/142kph
wide on the crease , sharp bouncer , and BATTER sways out the line of it
banged in just short of a length , nudged to short midwicket
punched back to BOWLER on the back foot
no real turn , defended back to the bowler
full and straight , nudged back to
length ball outside off , bottom-edged into the off side
length ball , pressed to mid-on
a fraction short of a length , punched to short cover
hard length , punched to short cover
skiddy length ball , clipped into the leg side
short ball , which flies harmlessly over the ducking BATTER 's left shoulder
length ball , defended to short midwicket
defended to short midwicket , riding the bounce
angling in towards off stump , clipped to short midwicket
good bounce from a length , as BATTER defends towards mid-off
steered out to point with an open face
angled across him , and beats BATTER 's outside edge as he has a waft outside off
angled across him , defended back down the pitch
slower ball , full outside off , BATTER shuffles across to defend
short ball , which DdS sways inside the line of
extra bounce out the back of the hand , fended out to cover point
wide slower ball , hung full outside the off stump , and DdS is down on one knee , looking to go up and over mid-off . He swings at thin air , and FIELDER takes it cleanly
angling into the right-hander , who dabs down to backward point . Slower ball , which nipped back into the batter
over the wicket again , another bumper and this time BATTER swings at it and misses
good length , defended on off stump
attempts to heave this leg side , edged on to the thigh pad and it only just clears the bails ! Does n't quite carry to FIELDER , either . Pace on from BOWLER and it nearly does for
definitely a slower ball this time , angled towards short third man and BATTER is forced to reach for his ground as FIELDER has a shy
pitched up and driven along the carpet to mid-off
goes back and across and punches into the covers , FIELDER swoops on it
fullish , 89mph/143kph and stabbed towards backward point
dug in short and DdS almost gets into a tangle , pops off the splice and lands safely on the leg side
BOWLER fires this in straight , BATTER blocks coming across his stumps
tight lines , defended towards point
length ball wide of the off stump , BATTER allows this one through
dragged down slightly and BATTER swipes hard across the line , picks out mid-on
tossed up and patted away in front of the stumps
flighted , spins into the pads as BATTER comes down , YJB blurts an exploratory appeal . Nothing doing
pushed through on the stumps , tapped leg side
short of a length outside off , steered down towards point
nearly foxes him with the googly ! `` Oh my days ! '' roars FIELDER , as BATTER drops back and plays it very late , not sure he read it but manages to get the bat down
flighted , draws him forward on off , punched to extra cover
pushed through a little flatter as BATTER attempts to come forward
floated up full , prodded back to the bowler
pitched up , 79mph/128kph tempter in the channel , BATTER waves this one through
pitched up and driven into the covers without timing
length ball on off stump , 81mph , BATTER shows it a straight bat
bit of nip as the ball threatens to come in , beats BATTER past the outside edge as he feels for it on the back foot
tossed up on the stumps and DdS again tickles it back to the bowler
poked into the covers coming across
loops this up , BATTER attempts to drive down the ground and nearly chips it back to the bowler
flatter on the stumps , flicked away leg side for his first run
slightly short , 80mph/129kph , BATTER jumps across and blocks on off stump
pitched up , he stretches forward to tap a drive into the off side
length ball on the stumps , defended
angled across , this is tapped down in front of point
length ball on middle and leg , BATTER opens up to mow across the line ... then elects to defend at the last moment
goes back and attempts to flick to leg , gets a leading edge
quicker ball , chopped square on the off side playing back
comes across and pats this one down
pitched up , BATTER shuffles across and punches back down the track
length ball , tapped down from the crease
length from over the wicket , shaping a fraction and defended
`` Ooooh , Rashyyyy ! '' is FIELDER 's response to a flighted legbreak which draws BATTER on to the front foot in defence
gives this some air , straightening on middle and leg , BATTER leans on it
floated up full , driven into the ground back to the bowler
googly , this comes back at BATTER as he steps away , worked to midwicket
short again , Hasa hops across and jabs it away square from the crease
back of a length , 89mph/143kph over the top of off , patted down with an angled face towards backward point
back of a length , coming back in over off stump , defended softly
dug in short , 88mph/141kph right at BATTER 's fizzog , he has to be on his toes to ride the bounce and defend down into the off side
comes across and pats this one down
angling in , 82mph and this hits BATTER high on the back leg , BOWLER appeals somewhat half-heartedly ... Rob Bailey shakes his head
length delivery on off stump , 81mph/130kph , defended with a smile
fired in , tight lines and BATTER diligently blocks this towards point
length , 81mph/131kph , angling in straighter and defended
wide on the crease , springy bounce from a length , left alone this time . 89mph/144kph
back of a length , punched out to point on the bounce
wide on the crease , dug into the pitch , and BATTER plays at this almost by mistake , having shaped to leave . Dabbed away to the left of backward point , but FIELDER cuts it off with a dive
angled in from wide on the crease , nudged to mid-on
dabbed to backward point , where FIELDER dives to his left to cut it off . Tidy over
legcutter , dabbed out to backward point from deep in the crease . Decent over so far
angled in from wide on the crease , defended towards mid-on
angled into the hip , clipped to short midwicket
banged in , back of a length , and BATTER ducks underneath it
back of a length , 91mph/146kph , clipped to short midwicket off the back foot
banged in , back of a length , defended off the back foot
defended firmly , back down the pitch to the bowler . 83mph/133kph
angling back into the right-hander from a hard length , pressed out to cover
punched out to cover , 83mph/134kph
defended firmly into the covers
hard length on a fourth-stump line , defended firmly to short cover . 90mph/145kph
hard length , hitting the splice as DDS defends . 89mph/144kph
fuller length , angling into the pads , defended to mid-off
back of a length , worked to short midwicket off the hip
flashed away to short third on the cut , but ca n't get it past him
half-volley on fourth stump , driven out to mid-off
punched into the covers
length outside off , punched towards mid-off via the inside half of the bat . Looking to go through the covers , but miscued
length ball on sixth stump , steered towards point
flashes outside off stump as BOWLER strays wider outside off stump on a length . No connection on the cut
chipped just short of FIELDER at mid-on ! Fullish length , driven uppishly , but lands just in front of FIELDER , diving in
very nearly chops on ! Length ball , defended under the eyes with soft hands , into the ground , and it bounces just over the top of off stump !
chopped out to point with half a bat , as FIELDER nibbles away on a length
full and swinging in , BATTER drives to mid-on with the bat turning in his hands
defended firmly from a length , into the covers
length ball , angling in from wider on the crease , defended to mid-on
hung outside off stump on a length , left alone
defended from a length , back to
slower ball , defended on the back foot while covering off stump
shimmies down the pitch , defending from a length into the covers
back of a length , angling across DDS , who punches to short cover on the back foot
struck on the back thigh as FIELDER looks for some nibble from a length . Outside the line , no appeal
nibbling away on a length , BATTER gets in line and defends towards mid-on
ooft , beauty ! Angling across DDS who is anticipating the nip-backer , but this holds it line and nips away just a touch off the seam , turning him into an 'S ' and beating him on the outside edge
full and swinging into the pads , half-hearted appeal from BOWLER , but clearly sliding down leg . DDS was looking to clip out to square leg , and struck just above the knee roll
just full of a length on the pads , clipped straight to TC at short midwicket
full and wider outside off , dug out into the covers
angled across the right-hander , holding its line and even nipping away just a fraction off the seam to beat DDS on the outside edge
banged in , back of a length , and past BATTER 's bat as he shapes to cut
full , and nipping away . BATTER gets forward to defend
nipping away from a length , as BATTER gets forward to defend into the covers
hung wide outside off stump , left alone
angled across him , BATTER defends from a full length towards mid-off
punched out to cover on the back foot , no swing for BOWLER in this over
defended firmly into the covers
angling across the right-hander , no real movement . Defended to cover . 78mph/126kph , fairly gentle pace
checked drive out to short cover , where FIELDER fields
full and swinging back , inside-edged into the pad and out to mid-off
hint of nibble away , defended back to the bowler
half-volley , driven back down the pitch and BOWLER fields in his follow-through
nipping in from a length , nudged to square leg
big shout for lbw , and up goes Kettleborough 's finger ! Two noises , and BATTER reviews Swung back into the pads from a good length . What did it hit first , bat or pad ? The noise was very woody , and Ultra-Edge confirms BATTER inside-edged it into the knee roll . Not out !
length ball , width outside off , and BATTER punches out to point on the bounce
angled across him from a length , steered straight to point
skids past the outside edge , so close to the bat . But FIELDER survives , which is all he needs to do
advances to the pitch , and defended into the covers
bashed out to cover , hit off the full length
back of a length , tonked to midwicket . A grumble from FIELDER , I think , over the stump mic about running on the pitch
right up to the bat , fenced into the off side
attempted lap from outside off , but ca n't connect on the stroke . Out comes the physio as that thumped him on the forearm I think
very full , driven on the up through the covers , and turns down the single to protect his partner
firm block on the back foot , solid in defence
big appeal again , another googly , but sliding past the legs
fenced off the back foot to the off side
very slow googly to follow up , turning into the pads
flat-footed stab as BOWLER zips down a seaming delivery ! Cunning variation , and brisk too
beats the outside edge again ! BOWLER yelps , but he 's denied his five-for . Still , a hell of a spell !
so nearly the nick ! Late nip away from the bat , drawing the hard-handed back-foot drive , and so close to the edge
back of a length , slower ball , FIELDER waits to nudge it to the leg side
bending his back on the bouncer , the batter does likewise to limbo out of the way
on the back foot , blocked down into the crease
bending into the knee-roll , a well-pitched googly , defended
outside off , gentle turn , left alone
tight lines on the leg-break , tweaking from middle and leg to middle and off . Blocked
back of a length again , tight line , angling into off stump , and blocked on the back foot
wicket-to-wicket line , just back of a length , zipping into a defensive block
good length to resume , zipping off the seam and into a firm block to point
that 's better from England 's leggie , back of a length , tight line , zipping through to the keeper
slides this in quicker , struck on the pads again , probably leg side
flighted , beats a wafted bat , and he nearly overbalances ... FIELDER is poised for the stumping chance
concerted appeal for lbw as FIELDER plays the wrong line ... maybe too high ?
pitched up , 81mph/131kph and FIELDER shows it a straight bat once again
length ball outside off , defended coming across
floated up on off and he 's forward to defend this watchfully
slips in the wrong'un , heading down as it deflects off the pads
pushed through on off , blocked
lobbed up wide of the stumps , elects not to have a go at this
length ball skidding in to hit the front leg , FIELDER squared up but heading leg side
length ball , steered into the off side
mix-up nearly costs FIELDER ! He was a long way down with FIELDER unmoved ... but FIELDER had an underarm shy from short midwicket and missed , with two men waiting for a relay to the stumps
flighted , slightly leg side and jabbed away
tossed up full , pushed to extra cover
pushed through , maybe a slider , FIELDER taps it away
on the stumps , covers the line
tossed up around off stump and patted square
length ball , straightening to clip the outer half of the bat
shuffles across and lets this go
rips this a touch and it kicks up to hit the splice with Karu propping forward , lobs safely into the covers
flighted on the stumps , tapped to short midwicket
tossed up and defended coming forwards on off
quickish legbreak outside off , chopped into the ground and the bowler fields
tossed up and spinning through outside off , tapped down on the back foot
good length , 78mph and straightening a touch , Karu is well forward and blocks it doughtily
angling in and blocked towards point
slightly short and wide , 80mph/129kph and he cuts , finds backward point
length ball on off stump , FIELDER covers the line
flatter , this threatens to grub through on the stumps , FIELDER was hanging back and chopped down on it in time
flighted , rolled out a little fuller , tapped into the off side
tossed up on off stump , poked towards mid-on
79mph/128kph , good length and holding its line , FIELDER lifts his bat out of the way
length ball outside off , watches it by
length delivery , 80mph and wide of the stumps , FIELDER has a slash but fails to connect
back of a length and tapped down towards backward point
short of a length on the hip , FIELDER lets it hit his body and drop safely
length ball in the channel outside off , FIELDER watches this one through . SL going nowhere fast slowly right now
lovely shape on this from BATTER , angling in and then hokey-cokeying away past the bat
pitched up , quite wide and shaping away , FIELDER is across his poles and pointedly shoulders arms
tries to get forward to this , 79mph/128kph on a length and zipping through , beats the outside edge again
touch short outside off , Karu lets it go
length ball , seams this one away past the bat in the channel
punched to mid-off shuffling across
79mph/128kph , full on off stump and driven , BOWLER gets a hand to it in his follow through
good length , fourth/fifth stump , blocked towards mid-off
over the wicket , length ball on off stump , defended
goes a touch straighter , finally gets bat on ball , nudged to mid-on - that 's a maiden from BATTER on his return
pitched up and FIELDER throws the hands , tries to hit his way out of trouble ... fails to connect
lovely curving line , beats the outside edge again ! BATTER has this ball on a string here
holding its line in the channel , lets this one go a bit more deliberately
beauty ! Pitched full and curling past the outside edge as FIELDER pokes at it
good length , upright seam and shaping away in the channel for BATTER , left alone
80mph , fullish length outside off , defended
back of a length on the stumps , tapped down to the leg side
length ball on the stumps , maybe a cutter , prodded down to the on side
back of a length , FIELDER pulls but gets it off the toe of the bat
angled across in the channel outside off , no stroke
slower ball , cautiously prodded into the covers half forward
slightly short , coming back in with the arm , FIELDER cuts but picks out backward point
full around the line of off , 80mph/128kph and skewed towards midwicket as FIELDER drives
pitched up and driven without timing towards mid-on
back of a length outside off , Hasa taps it down to extra cover
lovely line , 76mph/123kph in the channel and wobbling through as FIELDER props out
pitched up , coming back in on off stump and driven , FIELDER slides across at mid-on to cut the ball off
length on the stumps , turned to square leg
fullish outside off stump , trying to entice the drive , FIELDER shoulders arms
fired in straight at 79mph/128kph , blocked towards mid-off
shorter and tapped down into the covers
probing away , 76mph/123kph outside of , again FIELDER pokes at it a little uncertainly
length delivery , just curling away , FIELDER holds his bat inside the line
good length , tight on off stump , drops the bat in defence
length ball , defended into the covers coming across
length ball in the channel , skipping through as FIELDER has a dart at it
poked into the covers
hurried on a fuller length , pressed to cover on the front foot
shoves it right up on a full length , and draws the wild drive as he nips this one off the seam . Good bowling
pushed into the covers , meeting the full length on off stump
this one shapes back in on off stump , and a wise yell of `` No ! '' as they briefly ponder the single to mid-off . Safe to say it was n't on ...
full again , outside off , more buzzing movement through the air to temper the batter 's aggression
pressed forward , gathered at short cover
deceptive curl on a full length , straight lines , blocked to the off side
poked with an open face out to backward point
full and straight , eased into the off side on the front foot
attacking the pads on a full length , poked to the off side
slower ball , tight line , waited for on the back foot , and tapped to the on-side
firm block back down the line of the full-length ball
back of a length , outside off and punched off the back foot to cover
outside off , and so nearly grazes the edge ! Hard-handed poke down the original line , as the ball bends through to the keeper . It 's all England this morning
pushed up to the toes on the full length , chiselled to mid-on
full length , and pressed back down the pitch , half-stopped in the followthrough
full length , lovely line , curling past the outside edge as FIELDER is trapped on the crease
back and across , on that full length again , and poked to the off side
back of a length , hint of shape to the off side , fenced to backward point
left alone on a good length outside off , nothing but trouble awaited if he chased that
bending back in on an off-stump line . Tapped to point with an open face
tapped with the swing to the on-side
high hands , punching on the up into the covers
blocked on the back foot
leaning forward , head over the ball , ca n't work the gap on the leg side
tucked to the on-side
attacking line and length , hitting the seam and thumping the bat in front of middle-and-off
full and into the pads again , ca n't work it square
punched off the front foot , gathered with a tumble at mid-off
very full , dipping on a yorker length , punched into the covers
targetting the pads once more with gentle curl back into the right-hander , who slides back in defence to work to square leg
clumped into the covers , off the front foot
high-elbowed jab , back down the pitch
nips into the right-hander , and thuds the pads once again
coming across the stumps once again , flicked from off stump to square leg
very full again , right up to the toes , and tapped to the on-side . A bit of an lbw candidate with that head position
punched to the off side , not quite enough width to dominate
back of a length , fenced off the pads to the on-side
back and across , blocked under the eyeline , down into the crease
on the back foot , nudged down into the leg side
fenced off the toes to the leg side , full and straight
that 's better for BOWLER , who has a right-hander in his sights to tease his outside edge with shape across his bows
probing line and length , holding its line on off stump and drawing a front-foot block
nip from a good length , thuds into the knee-roll and loops into the cordon
over the wicket to FIELDER , full and straight and drawing a firm block
drags his length back and that has zinged through to the keeper outside off . Sharp pace and lift
poked with solid hands , back down the line of the ball
shape away from the right-hander , just back of a length , that 's a better ball
tight lines , eased back to the bowler with a straight blade
punched into the covers , on a good length again
outswinger to open the proceedings , FIELDER is unafraid to lay bat on ball first-up
skids past the outside edge , so close to the bat . But BATTER survives , which is all he needs to do
advances to the pitch , and defended into the covers
bashed out to cover , hit off the full length
back of a length , tonked to midwicket . A grumble from BATTER , I think , over the stump mic about running on the pitch
right up to the bat , fenced into the off side
attempted lap from outside off , but ca n't connect on the stroke . Out comes the physio as that thumped him on the forearm I think
very full , driven on the up through the covers , and turns down the single to protect his partner
firm block on the back foot , solid in defence
big appeal again , another googly , but sliding past the legs
fenced off the back foot to the off side
very slow googly to follow up , turning into the pads
flat-footed stab as BATTER zips down a seaming delivery ! Cunning variation , and brisk too
beats the outside edge again ! BATTER yelps , but he 's denied his five-for . Still , a hell of a spell !
so nearly the nick ! Late nip away from the bat , drawing the hard-handed back-foot drive , and so close to the edge
back of a length , slower ball , BATTER waits to nudge it to the leg side
bending his back on the bouncer , the batter does likewise to limbo out of the way
on the back foot , blocked down into the crease
bending into the knee-roll , a well-pitched googly , defended
outside off , gentle turn , left alone
tight lines on the leg-break , tweaking from middle and leg to middle and off . Blocked
back of a length again , tight line , angling into off stump , and blocked on the back foot
wicket-to-wicket line , just back of a length , zipping into a defensive block
good length to resume , zipping off the seam and into a firm block to point
that 's better from England 's leggie , back of a length , tight line , zipping through to the keeper
slides this in quicker , struck on the pads again , probably leg side
flighted , beats a wafted bat , and he nearly overbalances ... BATTER is poised for the stumping chance
concerted appeal for lbw as BATTER plays the wrong line ... maybe too high ?
pitched up , 81mph/131kph and BATTER shows it a straight bat once again
length ball outside off , defended coming across
floated up on off and he 's forward to defend this watchfully
slips in the wrong'un , heading down as it deflects off the pads
pushed through on off , blocked
lobbed up wide of the stumps , elects not to have a go at this
length ball skidding in to hit the front leg , BATTER squared up but heading leg side
length ball , steered into the off side
mix-up nearly costs BATTER ! He was a long way down with BATTER unmoved ... but BATTER had an underarm shy from short midwicket and missed , with two men waiting for a relay to the stumps
flighted , slightly leg side and jabbed away
tossed up full , pushed to extra cover
pushed through , maybe a slider , BATTER taps it away
on the stumps , covers the line
tossed up around off stump and patted square
length ball , straightening to clip the outer half of the bat
shuffles across and lets this go
rips this a touch and it kicks up to hit the splice with Karu propping forward , lobs safely into the covers
flighted on the stumps , tapped to short midwicket
tossed up and defended coming forwards on off
quickish legbreak outside off , chopped into the ground and the bowler fields
tossed up and spinning through outside off , tapped down on the back foot
good length , 78mph and straightening a touch , Karu is well forward and blocks it doughtily
angling in and blocked towards point
slightly short and wide , 80mph/129kph and he cuts , finds backward point
length ball on off stump , BATTER covers the line
flatter , this threatens to grub through on the stumps , BATTER was hanging back and chopped down on it in time
flighted , rolled out a little fuller , tapped into the off side
tossed up on off stump , poked towards mid-on
79mph/128kph , good length and holding its line , BATTER lifts his bat out of the way
length ball outside off , watches it by
length delivery , 80mph and wide of the stumps , BATTER has a slash but fails to connect
back of a length and tapped down towards backward point
short of a length on the hip , BATTER lets it hit his body and drop safely
length ball in the channel outside off , BATTER watches this one through . SL going nowhere fast slowly right now
lovely shape on this from BOWLER , angling in and then hokey-cokeying away past the bat
pitched up , quite wide and shaping away , BATTER is across his poles and pointedly shoulders arms
tries to get forward to this , 79mph/128kph on a length and zipping through , beats the outside edge again
touch short outside off , Karu lets it go
length ball , seams this one away past the bat in the channel
punched to mid-off shuffling across
79mph/128kph , full on off stump and driven , BATTER gets a hand to it in his follow through
good length , fourth/fifth stump , blocked towards mid-off
over the wicket , length ball on off stump , defended
goes a touch straighter , finally gets bat on ball , nudged to mid-on - that 's a maiden from BOWLER on his return
pitched up and BATTER throws the hands , tries to hit his way out of trouble ... fails to connect
lovely curving line , beats the outside edge again ! BOWLER has this ball on a string here
holding its line in the channel , lets this one go a bit more deliberately
beauty ! Pitched full and curling past the outside edge as BATTER pokes at it
good length , upright seam and shaping away in the channel for BOWLER , left alone
80mph , fullish length outside off , defended
back of a length on the stumps , tapped down to the leg side
length ball on the stumps , maybe a cutter , prodded down to the on side
back of a length , BATTER pulls but gets it off the toe of the bat
angled across in the channel outside off , no stroke
slower ball , cautiously prodded into the covers half forward
slightly short , coming back in with the arm , BATTER cuts but picks out backward point
full around the line of off , 80mph/128kph and skewed towards midwicket as BATTER drives
pitched up and driven without timing towards mid-on
back of a length outside off , Hasa taps it down to extra cover
lovely line , 76mph/123kph in the channel and wobbling through as BATTER props out
pitched up , coming back in on off stump and driven , BATTER slides across at mid-on to cut the ball off
length on the stumps , turned to square leg
fullish outside off stump , trying to entice the drive , BATTER shoulders arms
fired in straight at 79mph/128kph , blocked towards mid-off
shorter and tapped down into the covers
probing away , 76mph/123kph outside of , again BATTER pokes at it a little uncertainly
length delivery , just curling away , BATTER holds his bat inside the line
good length , tight on off stump , drops the bat in defence
length ball , defended into the covers coming across
length ball in the channel , skipping through as BATTER has a dart at it
poked into the covers
hurried on a fuller length , pressed to cover on the front foot
shoves it right up on a full length , and draws the wild drive as he nips this one off the seam . Good bowling
pushed into the covers , meeting the full length on off stump
this one shapes back in on off stump , and a wise yell of `` No ! '' as they briefly ponder the single to mid-off . Safe to say it was n't on ...
full again , outside off , more buzzing movement through the air to temper the batter 's aggression
pressed forward , gathered at short cover
deceptive curl on a full length , straight lines , blocked to the off side
poked with an open face out to backward point
full and straight , eased into the off side on the front foot
attacking the pads on a full length , poked to the off side
slower ball , tight line , waited for on the back foot , and tapped to the on-side
firm block back down the line of the full-length ball
back of a length , outside off and punched off the back foot to cover
outside off , and so nearly grazes the edge ! Hard-handed poke down the original line , as the ball bends through to the keeper . It 's all England this morning
pushed up to the toes on the full length , chiselled to mid-on
full length , and pressed back down the pitch , half-stopped in the followthrough
full length , lovely line , curling past the outside edge as BATTER is trapped on the crease
back and across , on that full length again , and poked to the off side
back of a length , hint of shape to the off side , fenced to backward point
left alone on a good length outside off , nothing but trouble awaited if he chased that
bending back in on an off-stump line . Tapped to point with an open face
tapped with the swing to the on-side
high hands , punching on the up into the covers
blocked on the back foot
leaning forward , head over the ball , ca n't work the gap on the leg side
tucked to the on-side
attacking line and length , hitting the seam and thumping the bat in front of middle-and-off
full and into the pads again , ca n't work it square
punched off the front foot , gathered with a tumble at mid-off
very full , dipping on a yorker length , punched into the covers
targetting the pads once more with gentle curl back into the right-hander , who slides back in defence to work to square leg
clumped into the covers , off the front foot
high-elbowed jab , back down the pitch
nips into the right-hander , and thuds the pads once again
coming across the stumps once again , flicked from off stump to square leg
very full again , right up to the toes , and tapped to the on-side . A bit of an lbw candidate with that head position
punched to the off side , not quite enough width to dominate
back of a length , fenced off the pads to the on-side
back and across , blocked under the eyeline , down into the crease
on the back foot , nudged down into the leg side
fenced off the toes to the leg side , full and straight
that 's better for BATTER , who has a right-hander in his sights to tease his outside edge with shape across his bows
probing line and length , holding its line on off stump and drawing a front-foot block
nip from a good length , thuds into the knee-roll and loops into the cordon
over the wicket to BATTER , full and straight and drawing a firm block
drags his length back and that has zinged through to the keeper outside off . Sharp pace and lift
poked with solid hands , back down the line of the ball
shape away from the right-hander , just back of a length , that 's a better ball
tight lines , eased back to the bowler with a straight blade
punched into the covers , on a good length again
outswinger to open the proceedings , BATTER is unafraid to lay bat on ball first-up
back of a length and bounces over middle as BATTER has a roundhouse swipe to the leg side ... and misses
shortish and outside off , hangs back and punches to the covers
slower ball outside off , left alone , dies on its way through to
googly from BOWLER , BATTER plays for the stock ball , and is beaten lavishly past the outside edge
slider outside off , swished to the covers
darted full on middle , shovelled with the bottom hand to wide long-on
scythed away to Siraj at extra-cover
full and sliding into middle , BATTER keeps it out
on a length and outside off , blocked to the off side
full and spins away outside off , opens the bat-face and guides it through the cover-point region
fired on a length outside off , left alone
tossed up slower and higher . BATTER checks his drive and chips it in front of the bowler
darted into middle and leg , diverted away behind square . BATTER searches for a single , but is sent back by
on a length and on off , offcutter ? Defended back to the bowler
pitched up and outside off , driven through the line to mid-off
fuller and nipping into middle , poked out to the covers
on a length and spinning into off , defended back
darted short and outside off , almost 100ks , hastily chopped to point
on a length and just a shade outside off , stabbed back to the right of the bowler
much fuller and angling away outside off , dinked to point with an open face
back of a length on off , defensively dropped into the covers
back of a length and wobbles away around off , fenced away into the off side
fuller and aiming for middle , BATTER plays it back down the pitch
bumper aimed at the head , BATTER manages to duck out of the way
overpitched and just a shade outside off , BOWLER gets away with that as BATTER simply drives it back to him
dug in short and just a shade outside off , BATTER hops , skips , and fends it off to the leg side
back of a length and spinning in from outside off to finish around off , played back to the bowler
darted into middle and leg , BATTER flicks and finds short midwicket
shortish and outside off , slapped away to point off the back foot
fired outside off at 93.3ks , defended into the covers
dug in short and around off , BATTER jumps and pats it down
full and attacking the stumps , BATTER plays it back to the left of
shorter and spinning in quickly , forced back to BOWLER off the back foot
fractionally short and spinning away outside off . BATTER punches off the back foot and is beaten on the outside edge
darted full and zipping in , kept out hastly
on a length and heading into the pads , worked straight to midwicket
fuller and outside off , BATTER blocks it to the covers
wrong'un from BOWLER , breaking away outside off , BATTER plays for the stock ball and edges it towards point
shorter and spinning into middle , quicker through the air . BATTER goes back and turns it to midwicket with the spin
fuller and outside off , stabbed back to
BATTER shimmies out and forces a length ball outside off to mid-off
on a length and holds its line outside off , punched to cover
bumper on middle , ducks under it . BOWLER is showing England what they are missing in the middle overs : FIELDER Plunkett ?
overpitched and wobbles away outside off at 119ks , scooped up to short cover
bouncer outside off at 136ks , skids off the pitch , BATTER drops his gloves and sways his upper body out of the way
full and on middle , chiselled into the leg side
flat and sliding into middle , defended
lifter , angling across off at 140.4ks , BATTER swats his upper body out of the way
pitched up and swerving away outside off at 142ks , a crease-bound BATTER drives and is beaten in the outside edge
back of a length and outside off , jabbed into the covers
on a length and outside off , probably an offcutter , BATTER delays his drive and guides it to point

banged in shorter and zipping through outside off , BOWLER beats BATTER for both pace and bounce
back of a length and zipping through outside off , BATTER slashes and watches the ball bounce over the bat
forced into the covers
much fuller and skidding away outside off , BATTER searches for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge
dangled up outside off at 80ks , nothing doing from
tossed up slower and higher outside off , stabbed back to the bowler
wrong'un from BOWLER , he holds this one back and gets it to break in , inside-edged to the leg side
jabbed away to mid-off
shorter ad spinning away outside off , BATTER jumps back and lashes it to extra-cover
flat , quick , spinning away , hastily chopped to point
full and nipping away outside off at 137.2ks , BATTER has a flat-footed swish and is beaten emphatically
lifter outside off , 137ks , according to the speegun , but it looked a lot quicker than that . BATTER stays his upper body out of the way
nice and full , 142.4ks , zipping away past the outside edge as BATTER aims a booming drive and misses
wrong'un , zipping in , BATTER does n't pick it and edges it wide of FIELDER at slip
full and outside off , pushed into the covers off the front foot
slower through the air , finishes around off , BATTER plays back and defends
back of a length and skidding back in at 142ks to cramp BATTER for room and length . Inside-edged onto the thigh pad to close out a wicket-maiden . Could 've been a double-wicket maiden
full and slanting across off , left alone

could 've been three wickets in two overs for BOWLER , but FIELDER has dropped it at slip . Fuller and slanting away outside off , snicked to the left of slip . FIELDER dives to his left but the ball pops out as his elbow hits the turf . FIELDER gestures that he has n't caught the ball . BATTER is out of the crease , but FIELDER ca n't throw the stumps down either
BOWLER hits the splice-jarring length again , BATTER keeps back and fends it off
BATTER jumps back to a short ball that spins away from him and lashes it to extra-cover
tossed up liberally and outside off , BOWLER drags BATTER forward into a drive back to him
fractionally short and spinning away outside off , forced back to him off the back foot
pushed through flat and quick on off , played back to
back of a length and sliding across off at 142ks , ignored once again
much fuller and angling across off , BATTER moves forward and drives up to mid-on
back of a length and zipping away outside off , ignored in the channel
back of a length and around off , BATTER camps back and plays it back to
length on middle and leg , spinning into him , creates room and cuts to point
length on leg stump , he 's making room but does n't have the space to force it away , punches to mid-off
darted into him fuller and very quick at 98.4 kph , he 's coming forward and clips it to the bowler 's right .
fuller on the stumps , punched back to the bowler
fuller on the stumps , makes room and cuts to point
this is quick at 96 kph and darted on his pads , he misses the flick
flatter and quicker on off , making room to crash through off , but flat bats it back to the bowler
darted into him and he blocks it back to the bowler 's right
tossed up a bit wider outside off , draws him on the front foot and he punches it into the offside
full and wide outside off , and he lets it go through , too far to reach .
back of a length outside off , punched to cover
darted on off , as he 's giving himself room , he can only bunt it back to the bowler
flat and quick , length ball around off , punched to cover
back of a length outside off , left alone
short ball dug into the pitch outside off , he mis-times his pull to mid-off
comes forward and across to try and work it away , ca n't connect . The ball goes off pad to cover .
back of a length outside off , steered away but FIELDER at short third man dives to his right and stops the ball
wider outside off , BATTER throws his bat at it to drive , toe-ends it towards mid-off
back of a length in the channel , stands tall to punch , comes off the inside half of the bat to the bowler 's right
back of a length on off , defended into the offside
length ball coming into him , flicked to midwicket
peach . Pitches in the channel and jags back in , finds the tiny gap between bat and pad as he 's coming on the front foot to press forward . The ball whistles past off stump , within touching distance of it .
fuller and wider outside off , lashes it , but ca n't beat point
back of a length on off , straightens a bit and the batsman is slightly squared up as he pushes to cover
comes on the front foot to punch towards mid-off
tapped towards mid-off
back of a length around off , carefully defended back by getting behind the line
jags in sharply from a length outside off . He was going for the drive but was cut in half as the ball sneaked past the inside edge
fuller on off , driven crisply but ca n't beat mid-on
length in the channel , nipping in , nicely forward to meet it but can only punch it back to the bowler
length on the stumps , turned to short midwicket
wider outside off , nips in off a length , driven forcefully but ca n't beat point
takes a few steps down the track to his SRH teammate does BATTER , but BOWLER keeps it on back of a length around off and no room to free arms . Patted back to the bowler 's right .
swing and a miss . Quickest delivery of the over to end at 144.3 . Full outside off and BATTER goes for the booming drive , ca n't connect
length coming into him on off , comes nicely forward and punches to mid-off . BOWLER 's clocked 143.1 on this
fuller outside off , driven crisply to mid-off
huge appeal for a caught behind . They 're not going for the review . Peachy little ball by BOWLER , getting it to jag in from back of a length . YJB going for the on-drive leaves a big gap , the ball sneaks through , flicks the thigh pad and goes to FIELDER . That noise probably caused the excitement .
back of a length lifter outside off , punched away from body to cover , bottom hand comes off the bat . 136.7 kph to start .
keeps it on a tight line outside off and BATTER defends back to the bowler
inswing to the right hander now , raps him on the thigh pad while he 's pressing forward
fuller outside off , pushed to point
back of a length outside off , bit of shape away , defended
slower ball , back of a length on middle stump , tries to stay legside of it and run it fine , ca n't connect
googly again , but bounces a lot outside off . BATTER lashes it to backward point where FIELDER pulls off his nth good stop of the day , diving to his right
swing and a miss . Too close outside off to free his arms , and he does n't connect with the lash through cover he was attempting
fulller on off , clipped back to the bowler
slower ball on a length this time , changes the pace and the length . BATTER a bit too early to play at it , ends up jabbing it down the pitch on the front foot
length around off , bunted back towards the bowler
full on the stumps , clipped off his toes to midwicket
pitched up and outside off , forward and driven straight to mid-off
shortish and just a shade outside off , stabbed back to the bowler
full and wide outside off , BATTER hangs back in the crease and creams it straight to extra-cover
on a length and angling into off , punched to mid-on
fuller outside off , comes forward to drive , inside edges onto pad and it rolls towards mid-off
length angling into the stumps , defended
fuller outside off , opens the face to drive but ca n't beat point
fuller on off , drives crisply but straight to point
still moving across and BOWLER keeps bowling that fifth-sixth stump line . BATTER has to play from close to his body consequently and taps it back down the pitch
length outside off , he 's still moving across , taps it to the bowler 's right
back of a length well outside off , BATTER 's moving across and he ca n't connect with the forcing shot through cover
solid forward defensive to a length ball on a fifth stump line
cops one on the lower left rib . Back of a length coming into him , he 's moving across to try and nudge it away , does n't connect and the ball thuds into his rib .
short ball on a fifth stump line , and he lets it go
length on off , he 's coming forward but the bounce is a mite higher and it 's patted into the legside from high on the bat
fuller , steered to point
length angled into him , he goes to pull but does n't connect . The ball rolls into the offside off his pad
fullish outside off , comes on the front foot to defend into the offside
length on off , steered towards short third man . BATTER looking for the single but is sent back from halfway down . Makes it back safely
length ball on middle and off , cuts to point
slower ball , floated up full and wide outside off from around the wicket , driven to cover . Wow that was really slow . 94 kph .
length , tight line on off , pushed to cover
full outside off , nicely forward to the pitch to drive to short cover
back of a length outside off , chopped to point
goes wider of the crease and angles it on a length on off , pushed towards point
length outside off , tapped to cover 's left
back of a length outside off , punched to point . Good work by FIELDER once again , picking it up one-handed to his left while running in
fuller on off , tapped gently towards point
fuller on off , steered to point
short outside off this time , patted down the pitch
starts off with one dug in short , going down leg , he 's moving across the crease to try and pull it , does n't connect . The ball goes just over his shoulders
back of a length outside off , tapped to point
back of a length outside off , defended
length ball on off , straightens a touch and goes off the outside half of the bat towards cover as he 's trying to play it to mid-on
BOWLER responds with a 142.2ks short delivery outside off , BATTER fends it off to point
shortish and on off , jabbed to cover
wide of the crease , skidding into the middle of BATTER 's front-foot defence on off stump
on a length and slanting in around off , BATTER closes the bat-face and chips a leading edge down towards mid-off
shortish on off , BATTER leans back and chops it away towards cover-point
full on the stumps , nudged to square leg
flighted around off , hint of turn , forward and guided towards point
clipped to the right of mid-on , sharp work from FIELDER this time
BATTER gives himself some room and chops a middle-stump ball only as far as point
back of a length and spinning in from outside off , chopped to point
down the track and cracked back to the bowler
dipping into a length outside off and spinning away , drawing a leading edge that does not carry to point
appeal for lbw , not given . Flat and quick , BOWLER finds a hint of turn , BATTER does n't make contact with a sweep and is rapped on the front pad . Did that pitch outside leg ? Nope , pitched in line and ball-tracking returns umpire 's call on leg stump . Umpire Menon 's on-field not-out call will stay
back of a length and just a shade outside off , BATTER hops and guides it to point
chopped to point
inducker on a back of a length , cramps BATTER , forcing him to inside-edge it onto his thigh pad
back of a length and well wide of off , no shot
BATTER lunges forward to this length ball outside off and belts it to extra-cover
pushed to mid-off
pushed through on off , no turn either way , defended off the front foot to cover
down the track and quietly blocked to cover
back of a length and around off , chopped to point
stump-to-stump line , defensively dropped to the off side
shorter and outside off , BATTER plays back to it , gliding it towards point
chopped from the stumps to slip
BATTER aims for a sweep , does n't connect , and is pinged on the front pad but it pitched outside leg and seemed to be heading down leg
dropped short and outside off , shovelled away to the left of short midwicket
fullish and outside off , driven off the front foot to mid-off
shorter and on a fourth-fifth stump line outside off , glided away to the right of backward point
dug in shorter and angling across off , BATTER leans back and stabs it to cover
wrong'un , on a length , negotiated off the back foot
short and spinning back in to cramp BATTER , jabbed back to the bowler
dug in shorter on middle , forced back to
dangled up on a length outside off , played back to
on a length and on a fourth-stump line , guided to short cover
full on the stumps , kept out
on a length and holds its line outside off , ignored
pitched up and much closer to off , belted off the front foot straight to short cover
T BOWLER pounds it on a hard length and gets it to skid back in at the top of off , drawing a leading edge towards point
shorter and slanting away just a shade outside off , BATTER jumps back and runs it to point with an open face
full and on middle stump , BATTER sits back and taps it back to the bowler
beaten . BATTER comes on the front foot to a length ball on off , and it straightens past the outside edge .
good length , moving away a tad , pushed towards cover
length all tucking him up , patted back down the pitch
and this one now moves into him sharply . BATTER looking to work it on the onside , is beaten on the inside edge this time as the ball thuds into pad
and beaten on the outside edge again . Still stuff happening , even though it 's the 13th over . Appreciable extra bounce from a hard length as BATTER is coming down the track , but the ball goes through
back of a length outside off , had to crouch a bit low to try and cut it but the movement away beats him and he ca n't connect
good fielding by FIELDER at point . Given room outside off and BATTER punches nicely but FIELDER dives to his left and stops the ball
length on off , tapped to point
appeal for caught behind but I think that came off thigh pad . BOWLER the only one interested . Good ball though , jags in off a length and he 's falling over while trying to clip it through legside , cops it on the thigh pad and it goes to the keeper
back of a length outside off , cuts it to point
good length that zips across him and whistles past the outside edge . BATTER caught on the crease
back of a length outside off , he tries to get on top of it and chop it through backward point but ca n't beat the fielder there
full and swinging in to him , he jams his bat down in time and the ball pings off rapidly to mid-on . He wants a single but is sent back and BATTER makes the crease in time even as FIELDER hits the stumps direct
back of a length coming into him on off , bowled from wider , defended
fuller , pushed to cover
edge falls just short of second slip Full and swinging in to him , he was looking to flick it off his toes , and gets an outside edge . That actually bounced and hit FIELDER low on the shin , just above the ankle .
wider outside off and very full , he gets down low to try and drive it but ca n't connect . Looked like a slower ball , with S FIELDER having rolled his fingers over the ball
fullish on off , comes on the front foot and drives to mid-on
fuller and well clear of offstump , left alone
dropped at point but difficult chance . Rasping cut to a short and wide ball outside off , and FIELDER flew to his left and got a hand to it , but could only block it , not catch it . He was quick to release it to the keeper , and BATTER had to scramble back
back of a length on a fourth stump line , BATTER cuts it from close to his body but ca n't beat point
good length on the stumps , he 's looking to punch this through mid-off , gets an inside edge onto pad
fuller and wide outside off , moving further away , left alone
back of a length , keeping it tight on off , BATTER was looking to tap it softly and run but the ball bounces down to the slips
struck on the pad and loud appeal . Not given , and they are n't reviewing . Pitched on off , and went in slightly , BATTER was playing outside the line and struck high on the pad . Would have gone over
dug in short and coming into him on off , he was dancing down the track and ends up having to pat it down from chest height
length on a sixth stump line outside off , left alone
beaten . Back of a length in the channel , straightens past his attempted punch through off . Back to back maiden overs for England
fuller on the stumps , angling into him , defended towards point with an angled bat
he 's copped a blow on the right glove . This one straightens off a hard length on middle stump and BATTER is squared up trying to defend , the ball bounces more than he thought it would . he 's actually worn it on the forearm , near the elbow as he could n't get bat up in time . Speed on that one was 148 kph .
back of a length on off , tapped to cover . The fielder 's rushing in and they quickly decide there 's no quick single to be had - wisely so .
moves away again . This one is bowled fuller and wider outside off , BATTER shapes to drive it through off but checks his shot and allows the ball to go past . Was n't full enough to drive
length ball on the stumps and nipping away , solidly defended into the offside
tight lines from FIELDER , very close to off stump but BATTER is sure of where his off stump is and shoulders arms
this one comes back in to BATTER now , from a length . He 's looking to work it away but is struck on the pads and the ball rolls into the offside
near-yorker on off stump , squirted out to mid-off
getting consistent movement is FIELDER - much like FIELDER . Shapes away from BATTER outside off , on a fourth-fifth stump line and left alone
good length on a fourth stump line , left alone
fuller on off , tapped to cover . FIELDER got the ball straight to him but lost balance while fielding it and slipped . No harm done though
full outside off , and going away with the angle , left alone
through him . BOWLER brings this one back in from a hard length outside off . BATTER looking to cut it , and the ball moves into him , do n't think he was expecting that . Goes under his arm and to the keeper .
good line and on a hard length , moving across BATTER . He can let it go safely because even though it 's close to off stump , it 'll sail over the stumps
good length , keeps it in the channel and is still getting it to nip away , left alone again
good length , moving away in the channel , left alone
rapped on the pads first up , but not given . They do n't review . Length ball , moves across BATTER , might have just pitched outside leg , and perhaps hit him a bit high too
length on leg stump , tucked to square leg . Loud and early call of 'NO ' because the fielder was swooping in on it
zips past the outside edge of BATTER this time , pitches on leg and moves away . BOWLER 's got it to move both ways this over . BATTER keeps bat close to bat as the ball goes past
beaten . Nips away from a hard length on a fourth stump line and whistles past BATTER 's outside edge as he 's looking to punch
digs it in short and rising to BATTER 's ribs on off , he taps it down off the back foot
back of a length , well outside off , left alone
another bouncer , over off stump this time , he was shaping to pull but had to sway out of the way and drop his hands
bouncer over the stumps , he arches his back to get out of the way and let it go through
under-edge bounces to the keeper 's right , towards slip . FIELDER dives across and lands a bit heavily on his chest , though he stops the ball . Short outside off , he was looking for a big wind up and an almighty pull , but only under-edged it down .
nails the yorker again , on off stumps , jams his bat down in time as the ball trickles back to the bowler
yorker on off , but this is dealt with well , straight bat offered as it 's dug out straight past the bowler
zipping across him at good pace , he 's beaten looking to run it down to third man
back of a length in the channel , too close to cut and he ca n't connect
good length on leg stump and nipping across him , patted back down the pitch
back of a length going across him , hops while pushing it to cover
length ball going across him , beats his attempted steer to third man
fuller on the stumps , pushed towards extra cover
length ball going across him , tapped towards point
bouncer going over leg stump , he was moving inside the line and tried to pull , but it got big on him and went over his bat
length outside off , googly spinning away , slapped to cover
tossed up on the stumps , gets a thickish edge that rolls to point while driving
full outside off , shimmies down the track and defends to cover
back of a length on off , defended to point
good length on a tight line on off , defended to the bowler 's left
a defensive shot ! Length and tight around off , patted back to the bowler with a straight bat
fuller on off , steered to point .
has he been caugh behindt ? The Indians are n't celebrating at all . The soft signal is not out too . This was a great ball to finish the over , a near yorker on a fifth stump line . BATTER clearing his front leg to give himself room gets a thin edge on it , and FIELDER flies to his right to catch it . But the ball hit the ground immediately after BATTER edged it . So not out .
length ball nipping into him , BATTER can be forgiven for thinking he just has to swing bat and get six , this time it thuds into his thigh pad
length ball into him , defended . Whoa , that 's radical
A horrible drag-down to finish the over , but BATTER scuffs his pull to short backward square . Ugh ... poor chap . That has to be his work done , surely .
banged in short , BATTER ducks . He 's in no rush , clearly
fenced to midwicket with a high elbow
thrashed into the covers . And that will be drinks BOWLER in particular will need one after that
back of a length , pumped to mid-off off the back foot
poked back to the bowler , stopped in the pitch , and inches short of a catch
back and across , cut to cover
good riposte . An in-between length and a tighter line , BATTER falls forward in his bid to get his push away
tucked to the leg side . BATTER is on 94 once more ...
on the back foot , zipping through a touch quicker and pushed to cover
tossed up , and dipping on a full length , blocked back down the pitch
open face , attempted glide through third man , but short third man is in situ to gather
outside off , and BATTER ca n't connect on the cut ... might be wise to sit on this over rather than give it away . He 's got his boundary off India 's best bowler
attempted pull , not quite there for the shot , and under-edged into the crease
a better follow-up , nipping back off the seam and inside-edged into the pads
short ball , grrr ! Aggression to finish the over
on the back foot , flipped to short midwicket
tucked to the leg side , ca n't get this one away
punched hard back to the bowler
shaping away from the left-hander , and through to the keeper
full-faced punch , back through the line
tighter line , punched off the back foot into the covers
opens the face , for a glide to third man
attempted ramp , but ca n't connect as he falls away to the off side , seeking the lift over the keeper 's head . BOWLER as aniticipated has done a good job to cramp BATTER ' style in that over
oof , that zinged through ! BATTER is beaten for pace as the cross-seamer skids past his half-formed clip to leg
short , wide , crashed hard through point , but FIELDER springs into action to intercept
outside off , and through to the keeper
a swish at a loopy leg-stump delivery , flicks the pads as the bat comes through
firm face of the bat , on the front foot , and blocked
good riposte , hitting the seam , and the inside-edge , with a nipbacker on a fuller length
round the wicket , probing length , blotted into the covers on the front foot
flashed hard to mid-off , in BATTER ' arc but fractionally too wide for him to get any power through the stroke
banged in short and that takes off through to the keeper .
wider line , a firm crack of the willow through point , but more sharp fielding to crank up the pressure on
advancing to the pitch , blocked with intent back to the bowler , who adjusted his length well
on the back foot , blotted down into the crease
high elbow , punched to long-on
flicked off the pads to midwicket
dipping into the toes , nudged to the on-side
jabbed to the on-side , a loud no from BATTER as England risk another run-out there .... careful now !
over the wicket , tight lines with the wristy action on the ball . BATTER is cautiously but firmly forward
fully forward , and poked to the off-side

looped onto a teasing full length , BATTER stretches over the ball to squeeze it to cover
raucous appeal for the lbw ! No shot offered from BATTER , and it might have been the left-armer 's wrong'un , turning back into the left-hander 's knee-roll . Outside the line , but that 's non-applicable in this case ... nope , missing by a distance . Review lost !
length on off , punched to point
good length on off , steers it towards point , staying legside of the ball
length on off , punched back to the bowler .
chopped towards point
beaten and that has taken off after passing the batsman . FIELDER has to leap up high to gather . Back of a length outside off , jagging away past the outside edge as he tries to punch
connects with the reverse sweep well to a fullish ball on leg stump , but hits it straight to short third man
length on middle , spinning into him again , he 's making room , ends up jabbing it back to the bowler
beaten . Tossed up on the stumps and spinning sharply into him , he was looking to punch through the legside , but is rapped on the pads
back of a length on off , defended
fullish on the stumps , driven to mid-on
length ball on a tight line around off , punched on the front foot , but FIELDER at cover is swooping on it to his right this time
back of a length outside off , punched to cover 's left , who tumbles and fields
good length on the stumps comes on the front foot and nudges it to midwicket
beaten and there 's an appeal but the umpire 's not moved . Tossed up on off , and spinning into him , he 's tried to fetch the sweep shot from there and does n't connect . Struck on the rib , but outside the line
a bit shorter outside off , stays back and cuts , but ca n't beat point
tossed up on off , comes on the front foot to get to the pitch and pushes to cover
fuller , coming into him , punched to mid-on
too short outside off , cuts it powerfully , but straight to point
back of a length outside off , he 's moving across and tucks it to midwicket 's right . No single because the fielder was moving quickly and swooped on the ball
length on the stumps , defended into the legside
length , on a tight line on off , pushed to mid-off
fuller on the stumps , pushed back to the bowler 's right .
brings it into him again , and YJB misses connecting again , but struck well outside off this time
big shout for lbw not given . That looked really close , maybe impact outside off ? Beautifully bowled by BOWLER , who brought it back in and through the gap between bat and pad as BATTER was looking to drive . Replays show that hit in line but would have been umpire 's call on hitting the top of the stumps
length outside off , glides it off his bat to point
length ball coming into him , punched to mid-off
fuller on a sixth stump line , swinging away , he goes to drive , but gets an inside edge that goes towards short leg
back of a length outside off , punched off the backfoot , but not timed that well . Cover gathers
fuller and into him , cuts it to cover
good length on middle , comes forward with a straight bat and defends back to the bowler
gets it on a length and in the channel , BATTER lets it go through . Good carry through to
hits a better length now , not short as before and gets it to bounce a bit more than just sitting up too . BATTER looking to pull again , cops it on the mid-riff off a bottom edge
sharp bouncer outside off , he was looking to pull but had to drop his hands and sway out of the way
given width outside off and he stands up tall to crash it through cover , but FIELDER does well there to time his dive to his right to stop the ball
too full and driven fluidly again , but straight to the fielder in the covers
straight drive pings off the bowler 's foot . This was hit even harder than the one BATTER hit at the start of the over , but bullet straight and hits the bowler 's right ankle on his follow through , pings towards cover
goes straighter and fuller this time , tapped towards midwicket
just short of a diving FIELDER at cover . BATTER had no idea about that . Pitched on a length and jagged away with appreciable bounce too , BATTER was left with bat hanging and pushing at it . Takes the shoulder of the bat to loop in the air . FIELDER charges in from cover and dives full length but the ball is millimetres short of his fingertips
swing and a miss . This one moves away from back of a length , he 's wanted to flay it through cover with feet static , does n't connect
fullish on off , driven to point by opening the bat face
beaten . He was expecting it to come in , bowled in the channel but this one held it 's line - seam pointing fine leg so he was right to play for the one swinging in perhaps - went to drive and the ball hisses past the outside edge .
length ball close to off , this time it 's coming in - BOWLER 's skill on display - and BATTER pushes it to mid-on
squared him up . Swinging into him , pitches on leg and straightens up , rolls into the offside off the outside half of the bat
fuller and closer to off , crisply punched , but straight to mid-off
back of a length on a sixth stump line , pushed to point
closer to off stump this time , defended with a straight bat , back to the bowler
full and well wide of off again , BATTER shows he would have endeared himself to Daenerys Targaryen by bending the knee again , and driving to mid-off
floated up full and wide of off , goes to drive it , bending his knee but can only toe-end it to mid-off
moving slightly forward and across , but BOWLER 's tight lines means he ca n't do much more than nudge it to square leg
good length outside off again , pushed to mid-on
tight line around off , on a hard length , he 's moving across a bit , nudges it into the legside
back of a length outside off , slashed to point
Well bowled , aiming for the tramlines with the wide yorker , and nailing it this time . In spite of the rain ( reign ? ) of sixes , this has been okay from England so far ...
banged in short , round the wicket , aiming for the tramlines , and that beats a wild uppercut . Good delivery
edged and dropped ! Oh dear , FIELDER juggles the chance , high to his right , as BATTER toe-ends a wide delivery , he almost grabbed it on the rebound ... how costly will that be ?
FIELDER gets out of it this time , zipping through an ambitious wind-up for FIELDER to gather
well , that flicked something ... but it 's pad , as BATTER misses down the leg-side and FIELDER grabs optimistically
tight line , a defensive jab back through the line , down the pitch
banged in short , and given as caught behind ! But BATTER has reviewed immediately ! A decent bouncer , but it hits the forearm as BATTER is late on the pull , then deflects onto the helmet ! FIELDER 's appeal was inquisitive rather than assured . Not out !
a swish across the line , BATTER had shaped to the off-side , so no wide as the ball slides past his legs .
BATTER is lbw , in a massive tangle of limbs ! He lined up a wild reverse-ramp-sweep , come what may ... but he 's under-edged that through fine leg ! BATTER has reviewed , and rightly so ! But unfortunately for BATTER , this is a dead ball instead of a boundary ! I look forward to that incident being the decisive factor in England 's one-wicket win !
yee-haw ! A huge whoosh of the bat outside off , as a cutter fizzes past BATTER 's intentions
hitting the deck hard outside off , and pushed to the off side
thumped off a full length , gathered at mid-on
full this time , angled into the toes from round the wicket , and pushed to point
googly to finish , a bit of grip outside off as BATTER elects to leave alone . He 's not flicked the ignition switch just yet
patted back to the bowler with an exploratory drive
looped onto a good length , gentle turn on the legbreak , pushed to point
flatter on the pads , flicked to midwicket
fuller on off , gently tickled to midwicket
tossed up on the stumps , defended

length ball angling into him , comes forward and pats it back down the pitch
comes on the front foot to push it but this turns a bit and hits him on the front pad flap
length outside off , he 's on the front foot and looking to steer through point but does n't get enough on it
fuller on the stumps , punched to mid-on
tapped to mid-on
length ball on off , turning away , BATTER a bit early into the shot as the ball plops in front of him and to BOWLER 's right , who dives and saves
length on the stumps , flicked to square leg
quicker , at 93.7 kph , BATTER goes back and defends in front of off stump
fuller , driven to extra cover
googly spinning into him , punched off the back foot to mid-on , FIELDER dives to his left and intercepts after sprinting across from midwicket quickly
was dancing down the track , BOWLER saw it and bowled it flat and short . He had to adjust and work it to square leg
fullish on the stumps , comes on the front foot and pushes gently back down the pitch
back of a length on a tight line around off , chopped towards point
length on off , punched to cover
nicely tossed up on the stumps and draws a solid forward defensive from
length ball on middle , spinning down , BATTER misses the flick as it trickles to the keeper off the pad . He 's upset with himself , there were runs for the taking there
steered to point , he wants the single but is sent back .
clipped to midwicket
length on middle , turning away , goes back and tucks to square leg
seemed to grip on the pitch a bit , and BATTER had to check his push after pressing forward , ends up bunting it back to the bowler
was coming down the track but BOWLER sticks to his back-of-length outside off line and BATTER is cramped for room a bit , punching to midwicket 's left
good length outside off , has to stretch forward and clip to mid-on
fuller again , he was perhaps expecting it to be shorter and was hanging back a bit , driven to extra cover
length on off , punched back to the bowler 's left
length on the stumps , defended solidly on the front foot
length ball nipping into him , squirted towards point
full on the stumps , flicked to midwicket
fuller , tailing into him on middle and leg , played back towards the bowler from the outside half of the bat . Teensy bit squared up , was
worked to midwicket on the front foot , BATTER thinks there 's a single there but BATTER sends him back . It 's FIELDER at midwicket who 's been a ball of fire in the field
slightly shorter , he 's surprised by the bounce and fends it back down the pitch
fuller outside off , worked to mid-on
outside off , fenced back down the line of the ball . Time for a drink
poked to cover with a full face of the bat
wafted back to the bowler , trying to manufacture an angle from another tight line . Excellent work so far from TK
another attempt at a quick single from BATTER . but BATTER is leaning on his bat once more
full and straight , clipped back to the bowler with a curious hop in his followthrough , as if intimating that he wanted to give that some more humpty
very full again , swinging into the toes , and eased to the on-side
clipped to the on-side , BATTER wants the quick single but BATTER is going nowhere
very full , right up to the bat , and blocked out to the on-side
slower ball , on a good length outside off , and jabbed to cover . After that rocky first ball , BOWLER has served up two runs in 11
that 's a good length to BATTER , probing the stumps and forcing a response . Squared up on the back foot to defend
tight outside off , good carry through to the keeper , BATTER leaves alone
punched solidly into the covers
rolls the fingers on a fuller length , a firm drive through backward point , but an excellent one-handed intercept
back of a length , outside off , no stroke offered
good line outside off , probing length , left alone
shaping away outside off stump , left alone with a raise of the bat . A better finish to the over
fenced with hard hands , into the on-side , probing length from
drags his length back , tight to an off-stump line , BATTER leans forward to defend
outside off , lifting through to the keeper
nudged to the on-side , better length on a tight line
dipping into the pads on a full length , and flicked to the on-side for mid-on to gather
very full to the new batsman , who comes forward to press to cover
lovely line , full length , and zipping past a half-cocked block on the front foot . Wobble seam from
tucked off the pads to the man on the 45
... and he does , finding a fuller length and drawing a respectful block . It 's been a decent comeback but I suspect his work is done for now
another loose one , short outside off , but thumped to short cover
back on a fuller length , outside off with a hint of swing
shape away from the right-hander , just back of a length , pushed to point . Tidy
full again , tight line , squeezed to midwicket with a closed face
back of a length , tight line , blocked down into the crease
drills the pad again on a leg-stump line . Very cramped on the left-arm angle . Disciplined work from
thumps the pad , and a half an appeal from BOWLER ... FIELDER reckons that 's sneaking past leg , and he 's probably right . Pitched outside leg too . Apart from everything ... pretty close
tight line outside off , BATTER leaves alone at the last minute . A quizzical look from FIELDER , as if he heard a noise there
awkward half-length from BOWLER , BATTER rides the extra bounce on the back foot , down into his crease
angled bat , into the slips on the bounce as FIELDER draws BATTER forward again
firmer on the front foot , pressed to cover
through to the keeper once more , a probing line outside off as BATTER is lured into a nibble at that one
full again , but a slightly wider line , hint of swing towards the cordon , blocked to cover
pushed into the covers , with a waft of the hands
back of a length , on the pads , clipped to the leg side . A fine over
excellent rhythm from BOWLER now , in the channel again and left alone
lovely line and lift ... BATTER again flinches as the ball rises past his splice . Not a lot to do with those
width outside off , and BATTER is lured into a bit of a loose waft , feet not really moving on that occasion
fenced into the covers , more swing from a tight line as BATTER leans cautiously forward
very full , and blocked
attempted charge at the left-armer , who responds by dragging his length back and bangs it in shorter . Good riposte
shoulders arms as FIELDER bangs it in just back of a length , finds more outswing to compromise any attacking intent . This has been tight so far from England
drawn forward outside off , and punched into the covers
right up to the toes to finish an excellent comeback over , flicked to short midwicket
BATTER shuffles to leg , giving himself room on the cut , but that 's too tight a line , and more extra bounce
excellent carry through to the keeper , outside off and lifting off the deck
outside off , good signs of swing on a wide line , lovely high action imparting some extra bounce too
outside off again , just inside the tram-lines , and again no stroke
slightly wider on this occasion , but an impeccable length once more . No stroke
lovely ball to the left-hander , right in the channel , curling around the outside edge from a three-and-a-half stump line
very full length , a hint of shape rather than swing , bending past the right-hander and blocked to mid-off
pumped to long-on , but it 's India 's game and series !
flogged to long-off , he missed his yorker , but BATTER missed his wind-up ! It 's do or die now ...
not this time , another full ball , wide line , and BATTER drags to the leg side
right back on the stumps , BATTER looks for a flick , but that 's too full and straight to work with
BATTER gives himself room to leg , BOWLER follows him . Good bowling , precious dot
plays miles inside the line to see off the main threat Outside off , bouncing through to the keeper . Now then . BATTER back on strike . 19 from 12 is the equation !
very full , huge appeal , Bhuvi has the breakthrough ! England review There did seem to be two sounds with BATTER well back on his stumps for the inswinger .. nope , no bat , but it 's going to be a dead ball if this is going over ... missing !
slower ball , good ball . BATTER blocks under his eyeline
fired past the leg stump , but flicks the pad along the way . No wide
another cutter , comes out as a long-hop , but BATTER 's cut ca n't beat the sweeper this time ... no run as he keeps the strike
rolling his wrists on a violent pull , but again ca n't find the gap on the leg side . Now there 's a challenge for England . Nearly two a ball needed now
cracked hard down the ground but short of FIELDER again . No single as BATTER bides his time , looking for the boundary
low full toss , effectively a yorker , as BATTER toe-ends a biff to wide mid-on
very full , lumped hard , to mid-on , a fine over as BATTER declines the single to keep the strike
another wide cutter , might have been given if he 'd left it , but BATTER toe-ends his pull to the leg side
jabbed off the pads ... and this time BATTER wants the single and BATTER wo n't go ! Careful now ... BOWLER sprints through to field . Misinformation between England 's batsmen !
back of a length , clubbed into the leg side with a roll of the wrists . BATTER thought the single was on , but was sent back from virtually BATTER 's toes !
another excellent yorker , clubbed from a full length to long-off , and BATTER turns down the single . Challenging Nat to keep hitting his blockhole
much better yorker , BATTER was winding up again , but realised it was too pinpoint this time . Good nerve from the rookie
solid in defence from BATTER , onto the front foot . Just one off the over . Respect from England . Bhuvi has one over left ... FIELDER well might hold it back for an emergency . It 's already a long shot with that run-rate surging now
very full again , nothing to drive on that length , BATTER blocks to long-off , and decides against the single . Protecting BATTER too , maybe
compactly onto the front foot , solid defence . Respect from BATTER , who knows that as match-ups go , this is n't one of them !
driven off the back foot , and eludes the outside edge ! Clever bowling ... mixing up the seam position while ploughing a tight furrow
outside off , a Test-match line and length , as BATTER lines it up and leaves it alone
back on the fuller length , thumps the pad outside leg stump , deflects to gully . A decent over for England in the circumstances . And BATTER will be on strike
low full toss , BATTER toe-ends a drive to mid-off
good delivery , hitting the seam and cramping BATTER 's attempts at a nurdle , poked to point off the back foot . BATTER is stuck in the firing line
cutter on a full length , no angle to work with as he dead-bats it down into the off side
cramped on the back foot , tight line to the tailender . BATTER jabs it to the leg side but ca n't rotate the strike
tailing in on the full length , BATTER blocks firmly on the front foot . A dot ball
whizzing through to the keeper , sharp change-up of pace
very full , and pushed to the off side
opens the face on the wide line , tapped to gully . A typically tight over . Bhuvi has two more up his sleeve . England 's rate is creeping back towards seven
back of a length , BATTER wants the single to point , BATTER is having none of it , and he skulks back to his crease
thumps the pad , but just pitching outside leg ! That 's what the umpire thinks at any rate ! FIELDER has reviewed at the last second ... is this the game ? Yorker length , BATTER was toppling across his crease . No edge in sight , and that is splintering the stumps . But yep , six inches outside leg . Gosh !
full again , dipping into the toes , that 's a good over from BOWLER , as the rate extends a touch from a run a ball
full length , luring the drive on the outswinger ! Good follow-up , changing up the pace , and BATTER 's hard hands nearly scuff the edge
tight line on a fuller length , prodded to mid-on on the back foot
on the back foot , looking for the single to point but it 's not on on this occasion
angled bat on the full length , dabbed to third man
on the back foot , tapped back to the bowler
whipping the full length , into the leg side
a gallop down the track , but BOWLER bangs his length through and eludes a wipe of a pull
bouncer , BATTER took a couple of steps and has to turn turtle as the ball whistles past his lughole
back of a length , outside off , a wafty upper cut , but ca n't connect
head over the ball and blocked to the off side
opens the face , ca n't find the gap through backward point
on the back foot , and blocked into the off side
drilled off the back foot , into the covers
full length , punched with a high elbow into the covers
tight line to the left-hander , dotted away on the back foot
jabbed out to point off the back foot
back of a length , open face , poked to cover
better length on a leg-stump line , BATTER slides back and across to block
fuller length , shaping away outside off , another very soft-handed dab to point . England trading in singles , but the required run-rate is still 6.70 . This is fine from their point of view
right up to the bat , and pressed firmly to long-on
back of a length , draws the bat inside the line
open face , nudged to the on-side
short and homing in on middle , fended back to the bowler
on a length and holds its line outside off , pushed to mid-off
banged in short and angling across off , BATTER ducks under it
back of a length on middle , guided to point
nice and full on middle , played back down the pitch
back of a length and wide of off , BATTER chases and misses once again
floats an offcutter outside off . BATTER drives and misses outside off
banged in short and just a shade outside off , fended back to the bowler
bouncer on middle , BATTER ducks under it
looks like a cross-seamer from BOWLER , short and outside off . Does n't come onto the bat . Snicked behind on the bounce to
111ks cutter from BOWLER , offcutter , hits the pitch , bounces and thumps the glove
skidder outside off , fizzing through to beat BATTER outside off
back of a length and spinning into middle , BATTER nudges it to short midwicket
sliding on outside off , BATTER moves forward and pats it to point
on a length and outside off , slower variation from BOWLER , beats the batsman outside off
much fuller and outside off , driven straight to mid-off off the front foot
just short of a good length and outside off , BATTER replies with a high-elbowed back-foot drive to mid-off
back of a length and moves away like a fast legcutter to zip past the outside edge
shorter and spins away outside off , BATTER jumps back and stabs it to short cover
short and sliding across off , BATTER sways his upper body out of the way and lets this go
back of a length and skidding into middle and leg , worked to short midwicket
darted outside off , sliced away towards short third man
pushed through flat and quick from BOWLER , he finds some spin , too , to thump the front pad as BATTER plays around it . FIELDER calls for another review after the on-field umpire rules BATTER not out . No bat again , but this is spinning down leg . Umpire Menon is right once again
flat , short , outside off , cut off the back foot to point
another rising delivery from BOWLER , BATTER rises with it and pats it down onto the pitch
back of a length and slanting into middle , tapped away to mid-on
much fuller , skids back in and keeps low . BATTER plays back to it and keeps it out
back of a length and sliding in at off stump , BATTER camps back and clips it to short midwicket
lifter from BOWLER , the speed gun reckons 129ks but it looked a lot faster than that . BATTER is forced to duck under it
kicks up from a back of a length and on middle , BATTER hangs back and fends it off to the leg side
bouncer angling across off , BATTER sways his upper body out of the way
thuds the thigh-pad as the ball gets big from a tight line , tries to paddle to the leg side but misses
on the back foot once more , hit low on the bat as short cover grabs
full toss , through BATTER before he can line up his cover drive . That 's unlike him . Not quite hitting his straps yet
cut hard to point , grabbed well on the bounce and in comes the shy to cut off any thoughts of the single
round the wicket , firmly forward and blocked to cover once more
pressed onto the front foot , and snaffled with a hop at short cover
attempted cut into the covers , still drilling the off-side but hits the field this time
width outside off , BATTER has a wipe and misses out on the cut
worked to the on-side
guided into the covers with an open face , on the back foot
full length from over the wicket , shape into the pads . and blotted to the on side
BATTER advances for a wristy drive , but hits short cover
guided out to point on the back foot
back of a length , hops into the crease , with an open face again . Poked to point
fended into the covers , leaning onto the front foot
on the legs , and nurdled to the on-side
another crack of the bat through the off-side , hitting the cover ring with another forceful stroke
drags back the length , soft-handed defence
solid and blocked , back down the pitch
up on the toes again , another slammed cut in front of square , but straight at short cover
high elbow , pumped to mid-on
BATTER is startled from the outset ! Looking to cut , but BOWLER 's height extracts some extra bounce , and he has to limbo to keep the ball down
on the back foot again , and nudged to the on-side
on the back foot , slightly squared up by the back-of-a-length delivery , jabbed back down the pitch
fuller length , attacking the stumps from a tight line , poked back past the bowler
on the back foot , stroked into the covers , gathered with a scramble to cut off the single
on the back foot , and clipped to the leg side
zips past the edge ! That 's a better line ! And this time the movement confounds BATTER as the ball gets big past his splice !
striding to the pitch once more , head over the ball as BATTER pushes firmly to cover , and a loud no as he half ponders the single
on the front foot , eased into the on side
patted to the on-side from back on the stumps
outside off , through to the keeper
back of a length , met on the back foot with a dab to the off side
striding to meet the full length , BATTER ' feet are moving well in this innings so far , as that one is pumped back to the bowler in his followthrough
zinger ! So tight to the edge , bending and lifting off the seam , and FIELDER fumbles standing up to the stumps . No edge on that occasion
outside off , tight line , lifting past the off stump as BATTER leaves alone
two steps out of the crease , to defend with attacking intent , if that is a thing
very full , angling across the left-hander towards off stump , and bending back in a touch to demand a block on the front foot
firmly forward on the off-stump line to defend
fully forward , head over the ball , and poked to cover
inswinger to the left-hander , a decent yorker to the new batsman , dug out to the leg side
angle across the left-hander , that 's a dangerous ball ! BATTER pushing on the up , and nearly nibbles as the ball gets big around his splice
very full length , very straight bat , clean down the line of the ball
shaping back into the pads , fenced to the on-side
short and slanting away outside off , BATTER pulls against the angle and top-edges it in front of third man running in
off-stump yorker at ` 142ks , dug out
wide yorker outside off , away from BATTER 's reach
back of a length and angling into off and middle , pushed to mid-on
back of a length and zipping through outside off , BATTER has a big yahoo at it after clearing his front leg . He ca n't touch it in the end
back of a length on middle , splice-jarring length , BATTER almost scoops it back to
another sower ball from BOWLER , 108ks , BATTER camps back quietly blocks it back down the pitch
BATTER charges down the pitch , BOWLER runs in hard , hits the pitch harder . BATTER swings and connects only with thin air
back of a length and on leg stump , another slower variation from BOWLER . BATTER drives early and nearly spoons it back to the bowler
short of a length and outside off , BATTER slashes and does not make contact
back of a length and cutting away outside off , this offcutter is stabbed to point
back of a length on middle and leg , in-between length , forced to mid-on
slower dipper outside off , 107.5ks , jammed out to the covers
on a length and bends back in a bit to cramp BATTER for room , inside-edged onto the pad
just short of a good length and outside off , punchily played to short cover
on a length and outside off , pushed into the off side
a mix-up between the wickets but FIELDER ca n't throw the stumps down at the bowler 's end . BATTER opens the face and guides it to the right of FIELDER at short cover . BATTER is so far down the pitch that FIELDER could have lobbed it back to the bowler instead of having a shy
BOWLER hammers it on a hard length outside off , fended back to him
on a length and nibbles away outside off , BATTER swishes .... and misses in the channel
on a length and homing in at the top of off , 141ks , fended back to the bowler
BOWLER pounds it on a hard length outside off and gets it to swerve away past the outside edge
short and slanting in towards off , BATTER hangs back and pats it to mid-on
Has BATTER nicked that behind ? Umpire Chaudhary shakes his head , and FIELDER decides against a review . Moves away with a quick legcutter , replays indicate that did n't kiss the edge
full and zinging away outside off , BATTER searches for it outside off and is beaten on the outside edge
thumping the front pad after pitching outside leg and skidding through
back of a length and zipping away outside off , 142ks , BATTER aims to run it down to third man . No dice
prodded into the covers
back of a length and spins away outside off , played back
BATTER rides the bounce of this short delivery outside off , opens the face , running it to point
quick short ball dug outside off , BATTER opts to leave it be
on a length and outside off , possibly a cutter from BOWLER guided towards point
short and outside off , spliced away to the left of point
on a length and spins back in at off , quietly defended to the leg side from the crease
on a length and just a shade outside off , flatter and faster , played back to
looped up slower on off , defended off the front foot this time
looks like a googly , on a back of a length and zipping in at the top of off , blocked off the back foot
drawn forward from round the wicket again , blocked back to the bowler . Good over so far ...
clipped from a full length again to short midwicket who grabs in one hand
another good slower ball , he does have an impressive array of variations , looped onto a full length and blocked
squared up on the back foot , a bit of a leading edge on the leg-stump wrong'un
round the wicket , and that 's a leaping slower ball , turning like a left-arm wristspinner 's legbreak , into BATTER 's gloves . A good finish to the over
so nearly a caught-and-bowled ! What happened there ? BOWLER seemed to be moving to the leg side , to intercept a clip , but BATTER finds a looping leading edge , and the bowler stuck out a boot , in an attempt to volley the chance into his hands ! Ca n't find the tekkers , but a dot ball is a win too
another legbreak to the right-hander , poked to point
poked off the toes , biding his time after that first-ball blow
tossed up , into the pads , deflected to short leg , BOWLER recovers well from a bruising start to his over
thumped to extra cover again
short and wide , but gets away with it , as BATTER leathers another offbreak straight to short cover
round the wicket , poked to the off side
drawn out of the crease , for a defensive push back to the bowler . No wriggle room in an excellent spell
on the back foot , clipped to leg as BOWLER keeps it tight from round the wicket
head over the ball once more , with a closed face
probing on off stump , tucked to the leg side
eased into the covers , on the front foot , BOWLER gets out of his first international over with 1 for 2 !
poking forward from round the wicket , solidly blocked
much better length , an offbreak on off stump , solidly blocked
comprehensively onto the front foot to defend
drilled from the full length , out to point . Some aggressive intent from BATTER in that over , but England will still be happy with this situation after the start India got
dangled outside off , a legbreak , and poked with firm wrists to cover
loopier length , dipping on the pads , blocked to the on-side
nudged out to point
round the wicket , dipping on middle and leg , and blocked to the on side
stretches forward this time , and nudges to square leg
on the back foot , another googly to the leftie and defended on the back foot
thumps the pad , and deflected to the on side
probing line , blocked on the back foot right in front of off
shimmying at the crease , but ca n't create any angle on BOWLER 's tight-lined offbreaks . Back to the bowler
high-elbowed drive , back to the bowler
on the back foot , flicked with bottom hand , but ca n't get past mid-on
poked to short cover , off the back foot
dipping from over the wicket , blocked out to cover
back of a length , tight line outside off , punched off the back foot to mid-on
over the wicket , looping onto an off-stump line , and blocked
stretching fully forward to smother the spin . This is a bit of a surge from England . Their spinners are doing the job that India 's manifestly failed to do in the last game
fenced off the back foot , into the covers . That 's a very tidy introduction to keep a lid on the scoring
opens the face for an attempted glide through third man , but the fielder is well placed to intercept
back of a length , tight line outside off stump , BATTER rocks back to punch to mid-on with a high elbow
tossed up and drilled back to the bowler . that 's a better length
BOWLER belts out an appeal for lbw , not given out . England choose to challenge the on-field not out decision . Did that pitch outside leg ? BATTER plays around his front pad and misses this legbreak , wearing it on the front pad below the knee-roll . BATTER did n't hit it at all , but it did pitch outside leg . Umpire Menon gets it right
fullish and just a shade outside off , played back to the bowler
on a length and spinning to hit the pad , having pitched outside leg
back of a length and angling away outside off , BATTER jabs it towards point
back of a length and skidding into middle , BATTER inside-edges it into the pitch
back of a length and homing in at off , pushed to mid-off . BOWLER trips over in his followthrough , but he 's good to resume
BOWLER responds with a 146ks bouncer that sails through to FIELDER . BATTER avoids it
back of a length and on the pads , BATTER ca n't flick it away
dug in short on off and cramps BATTER for room and length , inside-edged past off stump to the keeper
full and holds its line outside off from round the wicket , belted through the line , but ca n't get it past cover-point this time
dug in short and slanting into the body at 140ks , BATTER hops and fends it off
on a length and shapes away outside off , BATTER opens the face and guides it to point
on a length and nipping in at off , 143ks , BATTER shows the full face of the bat to close out a maiden
back of a length and zipping through outside off at 141ks , BATTER aims to run it down to deep third man . No dice
really full on middle , BOWLER cranks it up to 144ks , jabbed to mid-on
on a length and skids back in to cramp BATTER for room , inside-edged past the off stump , with the ball bouncing up to
back of a length and seams away outside off at 140ks , nothing doing from
back of a length - BOWLER 's default length - and outside off , nearly 140ks , BATTER reaches out for the ball and slices it just wide of short cover
BATTER dashes out of the crease once again , meets a short ball outside off early and carves it to point
BOWLER hits that awkward in-between length and messes with BATTER drive , coaxing an inside edge into the thigh pad
shortish and outside off , BATTER pats it into the covers
nice and full , homing into middle and off , played back to
on a length , starts outside off and nips away further , BATTER shoulders arms
back of a length and on the stumps , defended
much better from BOWLER ! He threatens to bring this length delivery back in with the angle from left-arm over , but it hits the pitch and straightens away past BATTER 's iffy little prod
on a length and wobbling away in the channel with a hint of extra bounce , no shot
good length and holds its line outside off , prodded into the covers
sharp inswinger from BOWLER from left-arm over . He has BATTER falling over the flick , but this seems to have pitched outside leg
BATTER ventures down the track once again , BOWLER is wary of it , banging a lifter and shifting his line wider . BATTER drops his gloves and let it go
BATTER shimmies out , BOWLER digs it even shorter and outside off , hits the sticker of the bat and pops up in front of point
BATTER rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and glides it to point
on a length and angling across off , BATTER opens the face and dinks the ball to point
good length and just a shade outside off , forward and jabbed back down the pitch
pitched up again , swinging into middle , BATTER shimmies out and drives it back to
Ropley drags his length back after that boundary , fended off to the leg side
full inswinger , finishes down the leg side , BATTER ca n't touch it , kisses the thigh pad and drops into the gloves of
full and on off stump , BATTER defensively dabs the ball to cover
shorter and just a shade outside off , BATTER defensively drops it to the covers
pitched up and slanting across BATTER , forward and pushed into the covers
ca n't nudge it into the gap
worked off the legs to the on side
big strike forward , head over the ball
banged in short , outside off , sways inside the line
beaten outside off , and FIELDER feigns an appeal , a bit of late jag to lure BATTER into a nibble on the back foot
leaning forward to nurdle to midwicket
firmly forward to defend
Huge appeal and Pakistan are adamant that BATTER is caught behind ! Pushed through outside off , a thin snick - or so FIELDER believes - and upstairs they go Looks like daylight to the naked eye to be honest ... and the third umpire declares `` nowhere near the bat '' ... so clear they do n't bother with Snicko !
full and straight , BATTER blocks solidly on the back foot
short ball , BATTER drops the hands at watches it sail harmlessly over his right shoulder
leading edge out to extra cover , full length angled across him
back of a length , defended off the back foot
length ball outside off , BATTER takes a step over to the off side and then leaves alone
shimmies across to the off side , nudged to square leg
hard length on fourth stump , 88mph/141kph , defended into the covers
short outside off , 85mph/137kph , left alone
length ball towards off stump , defended to mid-off . 86mph/139kph
has a loose flash outside his off stump to a back-of-a-length ball , which zips past the top edge
length ball , defended into the crease
firmly driven back to the bowler on the bounce from a length . Nicely timed , but straight back to BOWLER , who stuck out his taped left hand and diverted it towards mid-off . Looks like he 'll be OK
gentle length ball , nipping into BATTER off the seam , who defends into the leg side
short ball , 87mph/140kph , and BATTER pulls out of the hook as it flies past his throat
tight to him , cramping him for room as he tries to dab it away behind square on the off side . 90mph/145kph
short ball , good carry at 86mph/139kph to bounce over BATTER 's jumping cut shot
angled across him from over the wicket , punched into the covers
angled in from very wide on the crease , defends to short cover
nips one away off the seam , BATTER defends towards backward point via the shoulder of the bat
slower ball , dabbed into the covers . Offcutter at 74mph/119kph
looks to work to mid-on defensively , and prods back to BOWLER via the outside third of the bat
angled across BATTER , who offers no shot
thin edge falls just short of FIELDER ! Jags in from a length , as BATTER jumps on the crease , opening the face on the steer , and I think there was a tiny nick on this as it reached FIELDER on the half-volley . EDIT : Yep , Ultra-Edge confirms a little nick off the toe
clipped from off stump to square leg in the ring
inch-perfect yorker , which cleans him up ! BATTER cleared the front leg looking to hoick to leg , but it does n't count for anything
fullish length on fifth-stump , nails the drive straight to mid-off
length ball in the channel , left alone . 86mph/138kph
wide on the crease and angling in , BATTER clips to square leg , inside-edging into pad . Thinks about the single but is rightly sent back by
fifth-stump line at 86mph/139kph , steered out to backward point on the bounce
nips back from just short of a length , and BATTER defends into the covers with a loud bark of `` NO ! ''
angled across him , holds its line as BATTER leaves it alone
ooft , not far away from trimming the off stump ! Angled across him , with some nip back off a length , and BATTER offered no shot . Just about short enough to have left on length ?
length ball , dragged to mid-on . Thought about the single , but sent BATTER back
banged in on a length , cut out to point via the bottom edge
length ball , bit of extra bounce , and BATTER defends towards cover
not far away from second slip ! Angled across him , and BATTER is deep in the crease , defending with soft hands meaning the edge falls some way short of the fielder
swinging into the hip , nudged to short midwicket . BATTER looks very awkward again BOWLER , being rushed for pace , and there 's a fair bit of swing on offer too
length ball , swinging away and angling across him at 89mph/143kph . Airy drive from BATTER , looking to thrash it through the covers but failing to make contact
bit of width , 84mph/135kph and angled across BATTER , who mistimes the cover drive , inside-edging to short midwicket
length ball , dabbed into the ring defensively
angling back in from a length , defended into the covers with a loud shout of `` NO ! ''
length ball , angled across him , punched firmly and compactly to mid-off
angling in , defended from a length towards mid-on . 87mph/140kph
full outside off at 88mph/142kph . BATTER opens the face and steers to backward point , where Imam fields
full and swinging first up , loud appeal ... but turned down . Sliding past leg stump . BATTER was looking to whip into the leg side but beaten for pace
short ball , which BATTER shapes to uppercut , but ca n't get bat on ball . 86mph/138kph
nudged to short midwicket off the hip . BATTER sets off for the single , but is sent back
short one , swinging away at 85mph/137kph , and BATTER ducks inside the line
a fraction short of a length , 85mph/137kph , and BATTER drives to mid-on
full slower ball , dug out to mid-off
defended to mid-on , riding the bounce . 86mph/138kph
angled in off the seam from a length , and BATTER is turned into an 'S ' , defending with a straight bat
back of a length , BATTER drops the hands inside the line and lets it go through to
back of a length , nudged off the hip to short midwicket
length ball , elegantly driven to mid-off with a high front elbow
full length , pressed into the off side , and that will be drinks
fuller length to finish , but well dug out with a vertical bat
another good bouncer , another good leave . Well played again , limbo-ing out of harm 's way
good bouncer , following the left-hander as he ducks inside the line . Played it well to be fair
thumps the pad but doing too much on the angle for any appeal
round the wicket , defended on a tight line
fires down the bouncer , BATTER declines to take it on , and that is the end of an exceptional spell
back of a length , tight line , jabbed to point
well bowled , but well played too , definite tail on the full length , bending into a firm defensive push down the ground
tight line , back of a length , cautious defence with a straight blade , back to the bowler
turn on the googly , outside off , skims past the edge to a chorus of `` oohs ''
looped up to the left-hander , outside off , poked to the off side
tight to off stump , just back of a length , blocked to the off side with an open face
drilled along the deck , on the full length , and one slip moves to extra cover
big stride , pushed around the front pad to the leg side
outside off , an ugly flat-footed wipe , no contact as the keeper gathers
pushed onto the back foot , firm in defence into the covers
bouncer , sharp pace , BATTER ducks , and makes a mental note to return it with interest
back foot , punched into the covers
hacked into the covers again
thrashing drive , no timing as the ball loops past the bowler , to mid-off
drawn forward , and blocked back down the pitch
edged , and dropped ? FIELDER behind the stumps juggles as the ball skims past a wild swipe , possible under-edge . Certainly seemed so from the reaction , and Snicko confirms !
blocked firmly off the back foot , to the on side
Round the wicket now , and worked off the pads with the new angle , straight at short midwicket
tight line , full length , drawing a respectful block on a good length
on the back foot , pressed to the on-side , defending cautiously
head over the ball , eased into the covers on the front foot
big stride forward and blocked back down the pitch
back of a length , slow turn as BATTER lines up the cut , straight at short cover
jabbed in the air , and nearly back to the bowler ! Loops out of his reach in the end , but the threat is real
tight line and length again , good pace and hassle as BATTER blocks to cover
short and wide , cracked hard but straight at backward point . BATTER will feel he missed out there
tails in on a full length , worked with the angle into the leg side
props forward on the full length , jabbed to cover
Full length , on off stump , squeezed to the off side
firmly forward , tossed up outside the left-hander 's off stump , and blocked
another doodlebug of a delivery , silently dipping towards the blockhole as BATTER leans forward
shuffles at the crease and pushes to point as Parky finds more good areas on a full length
tossed up again , drawn forward , lots of lovely air to keep the batter waiting
back of a length , wicket-to-wicket , punched a touch high on the bat , and gathered at mid-off
tight lines once more as BATTER presses down the pitch
banged in short , outside off , BATTER went for the big wind-up , but that was a pace-off ball and the timing was awry as cover gathered
back and across , open-faced defence to backward point
firmly forward , blocked down the track
probing areas again , `` that 's good mate , good mate '' says FIELDER , and he 's not wrong
line , loop and length . Tidy stuff
lots of air on a dipping legbreak , thumps the pad but always outside leg
in behind the line , on a good length , blocked back down the pitch
on the back foot , poked into the covers , and more anxious running as BATTER is sent back this time
right back on the stumps to defend once more
forward to defend firmly down the track . Tidy lines from
on the back foot , and punched back down the pitch
tidy areas to start , looped up onto a good length outside off and pushed to the off side
banged in short to finish , no stroke offered as the umpire decides that 's fair enough on height
thumps the pad , angled down the leg side , hitting the deck hard once more
full length , pushed across the left-hander , tapped down the pitch
hits the splice from back of a length , fenced down into the crease
slower ball , defended back down the pitch from a length , and BOWLER fields in his follow-through
good bounce from a length , nudged into the leg side
fast offcutter , steered out to point
defended to backward point on the bounce , off the back foot
hangs back , defending into the off side
squeezed out to backward point off the back foot
banged in , 87mph/140kph , and BATTER gets a leading edge back down the pitch as he looks to turn it into the leg side
back of a length , inside-edged into the body and it spills away into the leg side . 86mph/139kph
hard length , defended to cover point off the back foot
bouncer , which flies through . 84mph/135kph , and hits FIELDER 's gloves hard as he stretches up to his left
lifter from back of a length . BATTER rides the bounce , and defends from under his eyes , via the glove , into the crease
sits up from a length , but BATTER 's off drive ca n't beat mid-off
defended back down the pitch from a length
91mph/146kph but it slips out as a low full toss . BATTER drives , but ca n't beat cover
nibbles in off the seam , as BATTER defends from a length . 90mph/145kph
sharp bounce at 87mph/140kph to hit BATTER on the back thigh pad . Beats him for pace as BATTER looks to work to leg
gets in line , defending solidly to mid-off
hard length , defended towards mid-on . 82mph/132kph
fourth-stump line , defended solidly back to
beauty , turning BATTER into an 'S ' . Perfect length , sharp bounce , movement off the seam , as BATTER is fortunate that it does n't take his outside edge as he plays and misses
full , angled in towards the off stump , driven to cover
good length , 86mph/139kph , punched towards mid-on and BOWLER sticks out a left hand to field in his follow-through
just back of a length , defended from the crease
skiddy bounce at 89mph/143kph from a full length , squeezed out into the off side
very full , angled across him , dug out again . 88mph/142kph
length ball , clipped to mid-on off the hip . 81mph/131kph
better length , with a hint of nibble off the seam . Driven to mid-off . 82mph/132kph
pressed out to mid-off from a length
back of a length , wide outside off , chopped into the covers via the bottom edge . 78mph to start , just a loosener ?
hard length , defended to FIELDER at mid-on
very wide on the crease , very full , and BATTER 's firm drive is straight at FIELDER , who fields at mid-off
fullish in the channel outside off , driven to short cover . 89mph/144kph - the quickest ball he 's bowled today , I think
nipping away from a length , driven to short extra cover
length ball , defended with a straight bat towards
length ball , driven to mid-on
BOWLER sticks a hand up in appeal , but clearly a thick inside-edge into the top of the pad . Height was an issue , too , from back of a length
back of a length , gets in line to defend down the pitch
angled in from wide on the crease , defended down the pitch from a length . 88mph/142kph
fullish length , defended back to BOWLER on the bounce who does his best to tip it back onto the stumps at the non-striker 's end , but ca n't quite do so . Think BATTER might have got his bat down in time , regardless
length ball at 81mph/130kph , defended firmly to mid-off
fullish length , defended to FIELDER at mid-off
defended from a length with soft hands , BOWLER fields in his follow-through
full outswinger , bit of shape at 80mph/129kph , and BATTER defends towards mid-off
angled across him , back of a length , and defended into the covers
length ball , clipped to square leg off the pad . 86mph/139kph
length ball , gets across to cover off stump again and defends towards cover point
back of a length , BATTER defends back down the pitch on the back foot
gets in line , defending a fullish outswinger to mid-off
full and angled across him outside off stump . BATTER gets across but works to mid-on
back of a length , clipped to square leg
angled across him , pressed solidly into the covers
back of a length , defended to mid-on
back of a length , steered to point on the back foot . 85mph/136kph
angled across him , defended back down the pitch . BOWLER starts with a maiden
another loud shout for lbw , but clearly pitched outside leg . BOWLER was the lone voice going up for that . Scrambled seam , hitting the knee roll
defended solidly , back down the pitch from a good length
nipping away from the bat at 81mph , defended to mid-on
back of a length ball on the pad , nudged back to BOWLER . 80mph , gentle pace
length ball , angled across him , defended back to
shuffles across to steer out to point . 87mpj/141kph from BOWLER , skiddy bounce from a length
good late shape in on its way through to FIELDER , as BATTER leaves on length
miscued to mid-on via the inside edge , as BOWLER hits a length in the off-stump channel
ha . Fullish in the fifth-stump channel , and BATTER has a big swing and miss , clearing his front leg and looking to hoick over mid-on . FIELDER has a big chuckle at slip
back of a length close to off stump , dabs with an open face to backward point
flat one sliding on outside off , looks for the late dab but ca n't connect
ooh . This 39-over-old ball is still doing so much . Back of a length , angling into the corridor , and it climbs steeply while straightening off the deck to beat BATTER 's defensive bat
tossed up slow on off stump , and BATTER is slightly off balance as he clips to midwicket . Wanted to drive that straighter , towards long-on
full and flat on off stump , clipped to midwicket
back of a length , straightening close to off stump , makes room and dabs to short third man
looks for the slog-sweep but that ball was too full . Smacked it into his own boot , and it popped up briefly in the air but was in no danger of carrying to midwicket
length ball on off stump , stays in his crease and blocks it back to the bowler
back of a length on off stump , defended into the off side
length ball straightening in the corridor , past the attempted defensive shot . Did n't really get a stride forward
length ball angling in towards off stump , punched back to the bowler
flat one slanting away from off stump , not much turn , punched into the covers off the back foot
full now , on off stump , punched back to the bowler
tossed up on off stump , BATTER 's bat comes down at an angle on the forward defensive , and he squirts it out to backward point
bouncer close to off stump , does n't get up all that high , and BATTER manages to evade it by falling to the floor and keeping his upper body away from the line , keeping his eyes on the ball all through
full , angling in towards off stump , gets a nice stride into the ball again and drives to the right of mid-off , who moves quickly and forces BATTER to turn around after haring out of his crease initially
back of a length on off stump , clipped towards midwicket
digs it in short now , and that angle from wide of the crease combined with BATTER 's height make this a difficult bouncer to evade , but he does it well , dropping to his knees and swaying his upper body away from the line
back of a length , angling in from wide of the crease and straightens off the seam in the corridor . Had to play at it , and it slides past his outside edge
back of a length close to off stump , defended towards midwicket
back of a length , angling in towards off stump from wide of the crease , defended into the on side
full , angling across and finishing on off stump , defended towards mid-on
back of a length on off stump , punched to mid-off
back of a length , slanting away from off stump , perhaps some away seam too . Not much footwork as he looks to punch away from his body , and he 's beaten on the outside edge
back of a length , angling into off stump , lets it come on and defends to midwicket
shortish , extra bounce as it straightens in the corridor . BATTER looks to punch it away with an angled bat and ca n't make contact . Looks like the keeper thought there might have been an edge on it . England have reviewed here ... Nope , no bat whatsoever
short ball in the corridor , BATTER leaves it alone
back of a length , fairly wide of off stump , left alone
short outside off , gets on top of the bounce and chops it down towards cover point
haha , that 's a proper old-fashioned slog . Length ball in the corridor , and he clears his front leg and swipes across the line , failing to make any contact
shortish , slanting away outside off , looks to cut but ca n't connect
flatter to finish , into the off side to stem the flow . Just a small reminder that England need to finish off what they 've started ! Otherwise the rate is now down to 100 from 102 balls ...
a revolting wipe across the line and so close to losing his off stump !
a flashing wipe through the line , no edge on that one
banged in short , through to the keeper
off come the bails as FIELDER is in the game again ! It 's an enthusiastic appeal , but maybe a touch hopeful in tone ... wide line , beats the edge ... and yes , that toe has wriggled back into the crease
half an appeal , hit outside the line , and no interest there
blocked down the pitch once again , good probing areas
dipping on a full length
line and length , solid in defence and pressed down the pitch
up on the toes , punched back to the bowler
beauty . This one hits the seam on off stump and leaps past the outside edge
speared past the legs , and not called wide as BATTER walks inside the line and nearly loses his leg peg
through to the keeper , a half-formed push-drive greeting the good length outside off
fully forward , smothering the spin
shuffling back and across to close the door on an off-stump line
flicked to the on-side , on the front foot , probing areas from the leggie
pressed to the on-side once more , good areas from Parky
on the back foot , measured pull to the on-side , midwicket gathers
'good Parky , good Parky ' . On the back foot , turned to the leg side
forward again , back to the bowler
lots of air outside off , 'love that Parky ' says FIELDER , who is a proper keeper with old-school inane chat
stretching forward , driven on the front foot , back to the bowler
back of a length , angled back into the pads , and worked to the on side
flatter line , outside off , cut hard to point
good flight and bite on the leg-break , drawing the batter forward to defend
wider line , back of a length again , and poked to the off side
up on the toes , pumped to cover
outside off , and jabbed to point
high-elbowed block , into the off side
firm in defence on the front foot
short again , sharp
worked into the off side , no way through there
good finish to an expensive over , hits the good length outside off , poked to point
back on a fuller length , angled in and pressed to cover
fenced with an open face into the cordon . Line and length
crashed hard into the covers , ca n't pierce the off-side ring
full length , eased into the covers off the back foot
banged in short , that gets up sharply as BATTER fends off his chest
line and length , solid block . A maiden over
poked with an open face to point
punched off the back foot , gathered in the covers
hitting the deck harder outside off , firm in defence from round the wicket
81mph/131kph , not quite a slower ball but loops onto a full length nonetheless , drawing a respectful block
round the wicket , probing on a good length at 83mph , tapped to the off side
fifth-stump line , lovely carry to the keeper . Wheels
wider on the crease , speared into the stumps , blocked into the off side
outside off , good carry on a wider line , no stroke offered
back of a length , hitting the seam at 84mph/134kph , and jabbed down into the pitch
full and straight , 85mph , in the blockhole and defended
length ball , angling into the corridor and straightening off the deck to beat BATTER 's forward defensive
length ball on off stump , defended to short midwicket
back of a length , seaming away to finish on off stump . Gets nicely behind it to defend into the covers
fullish , angling across to off stump , defended back to the bowler
back of a length , straightens into the body after pitching around leg stump . Misses the flick and is hit on the thigh pad
short , slanting away from off stump and offering some width , and BATTER cuts it away hard but straight to cover point
fullish , angling across to off stump , good stride forward for the checked drive to mid-off
back of a length in the corridor , lets it come on and dabs to backward point with an open face
length ball in the corridor , good stride forward to block it back to the bowler
length ball close to off stump , defended to mid-off
fullish on off stump , lets it come on and squeezes it to point with an open face
length ball , angling into the corridor from around the wicket , presses forward and blocks into the covers
on the fuller side of a length , in the corridor , driven with an open face to point
back of a length , nipping in past the attempted back-foot defensive to smack into his midriff . Ouch
length ball seaming in from outside off , tight leave but he seems to judge it well enough
length ball , a bit of seam movement in to hit the pad again as BATTER misses the flick . He does n't move too much across his stumps , so an incoming ball hitting his pads in that manner is unlikely to get him lbw . Going down leg again . No appeal either
very full now , looking to target the stumps but probably drifting down leg as BATTER misses the flick and is hit on the pad
back of a length on off stump , blocked back to the bowler
fullish , angling into the fourth-stump channel , presses forward and blocks it back to the bowler
a hint of width this time and he stands tall to punch , but he hits it straight to backward point . He 'll feel he missed out there
short , but angling into the corridor and denying BATTER the width he so craves . Gets on top of the bounce and chops it down to backward point
ooh . Goes wide of the crease , angles it into the corridor , hits a good length hard , and gets it to straighten . The angle forces BATTER to play a defensive shot , and the movement beats his outside edge
back of a length , angling across and then seaming away further after pitching on or around off stump . BATTER looks to defend off the back foot and is beaten comfortably
length ball on off stump , defended back down the pitch
back of a length , a bit of inward movement to deny BATTER room , defended towards mid-off
length ball , nips in with extra bounce from outside off as BATTER defends without too much of a stride . Past the inside edge and into thigh pad
full , angling into off stump and straightening away . Shapes to play into the on side , then adjusts in a hurry and defends to mid-off , squirting it off the outside half of the bat
shortish , not enough width to cut , chops it down into the gully region
back of a length , a lot of seam movement away plus a lot of bounce , but it starts wide enough for BATTER to leave without too much bother
a little fuller , but similar line and movement . BATTER looks for a firm drive down the ground , and gets a thick inside edge to midwicket
ooh , sharp inward movement from outside off . BATTER , batting with his head well outside the line of off stump , looks to punch down the ground , and the ball beats his inside edge
full , angling across to middle and off , defended back to the bowler
length ball seaming away after pitching on off stump , left alone
back of a length , fairly wide of off stump , left alone
back of a length in the corridor , nips in a touch . Judges it well from his perch almost outside off stump , and leaves it alone
big shuffle across again and BOWLER attacks his stumps . Brings his bat down at an angle to clip to midwicket
fullish outside off , and BATTER , batting outside his crease and getting a long way forward and across , defends into the covers
back of a length in the corridor and it leaps up off the pitch while leaving the right-hander . Half-plays , half-leaves , and does n't get his bat anywhere near it
ooh . Fullish , and it seems to swing in late towards off stump before pitching and seaming the other way . Unplayable . Looks to drive down the ground and it zips past his outside edge
back of a length , straightening towards off stump , punched towards mid-off , who sprints quickly forward to deny the single
shortish ball rising high over off stump , straightening a touch on BATTER . Does n't move his feet a great deal , but somehow manages to get on top of the ball effortlessly and block it down into the leg side
length ball angling in towards off stump , presses forward and blocks into the covers
length ball in the corridor , left alone
down the track to the ball floated away from off stump , and he gets to the pitch and drives powerfully , but he ca n't beat mid-off
back of a length in the corridor , squares up a little but manages to defend it safely enough into the point region
ooh , that went like an offbreak . Definite offcutter action as he delivered it , landing it quite full outside off stump and tempting BATTER to drive . Goes after it , and the ball beats his inside edge
short and wide this time , and BATTER reaches out to cut but mistimes it , chops it down towards the slip cordon
back of a length , fifth-stump channel , left alone
back of a length , nips in towards off stump , defended into the covers
full on off stump , punched to mid-off
length ball angling across and straightening towards off stump , clipped to square leg
wow . Back of a length , angling in towards off stump from wide of the crease , and then it seams away prodigiously before swinging away even further . Squares BATTER up in defence , but he ensures his bat stays close to his body and lets himself get beaten
fullish in the fifth-stump channel , left alone
back of a length , this one seams away from off stump , not much footwork , pokes at it and the ball beats his outside edge
back of a length , pitching outside leg and straightening to finish over the top of middle stump or so . Looks to work it into the leg side , and it 's past his inside edge to hit thigh pad
full , down the leg side . Misses the flick and is hit on the pad
length ball angling across to off stump , straightens a touch . Shows the full face and defends it back to the bowler
back of a length on leg stump , a bit of extra bounce . Looks to play across it , as opposed to Imam who played a similar ball with a straight bat . Misses , and is hit on the thigh pad
banged in short , looping through to the keeper as BATTER looks appealingly for the wide
onto the front dog , pumped to mid-on
BOWLER has got the reverse going nicely , at 87mph this time , but the line is awry . Thudding the pads again
another yorker , and how has he squeezed that out ! Bat and bat combine to resist the inswinger . BOWLER is denied his five-for by a whisker !
solid in defence as the ball bites the deck and seams into a firm block
a wild wipe , and no idea how that missed ! Another donking drive , but the slower ball dips through the swing , and just past the off stump
short , ducked
outside off , a wafty wristy nothing shot , misses everything
Bashed to mid-on and dropped ! BATTER clears the front dog and belts clean through the line . FIELDER lets it flop through his fingers
back of a length , shaping in , ghosts past the outside edge at 90mph/145kph
closes the face on a push to the leg side . Five overs remaining . Bat the overs lads ?
beats the edge from back of a length , a hopeful appeal ... all sorts of talk of a review ... and at the last split-second they go for it Nope , nothing
line and length , firm in defence into the off side
nip off the seam again , there 's been plenty of it today , thumped on the thigh-pad , from a full length
full length , attacking the off stump , fenced to cover
outside off , back of a length , watched through to the keeper
firmly onto the front foot , driven hard but short cover gathers
a windy whoosh , outside off so there for the shot , but misses everything
firmly forward , blocked to the off side
dragged out of the crease , nowhere near the pitch , and does well to check his stroke and block
solidly forward , firm in defence
full length , angled into the stumps , pushed to the off side
tight line , just back of a length , shape back into the right-hander , and fenced down into the crease
on the back foot , better line , firm in defence
on the back foot , blocked down into the crease
coming forward this time , pressed to the off side
nearly ! Lovely line and length , hits the seam , jags into an aggressive back-foot push , and almost wriggles into the stumps
over-pitched on the toes , right up to the pads but midwicket tidies up
beaten , lovely line , angled across a defensive stance , and just missing the edge
flashed into the covers , and quickly intercepted
high-elbowed drive , into the covers
feet stuck in the crease as BOWLER finds some more nip from a good length , back into the bat
beautiful line , back over the wicket , and hopping past the edge as BATTER presses down the pitch
very full , driven past a leaping short cover , on the front foot
bouncer , BATTER ducks as the left-arm-over line hustles his helmet
huge appeal from BOWLER ! But that seemed to miss everything as it jagged past the edge , angled across on such a tight line
crunched into the covers , firm strike on a full length , intercepted
huge nipbacker ! BATTER is cut in half as the ball jags down the slope . A snick as it clips the top of the pad , but eludes the inside edge
signs of width encourage BATTER to throw his hands at the shot , but that jags back sharply to confound his intentions
onto the front foot , pressed to mid-off , meeting the tight line
full and straight , watchful in defence

rising on the back foot , thumped to cover
dragged down leg-break , cracked off the back foot but straight at midwicket
tossed up , on the pads , forward to block
length ball angling in towards off stump , stays back and defends to extra-cover
similar delivery , but quicker , and bat and pad are close together as he defends this into the off side
length ball , skids on straight towards off stump , keeps his front pad away from the line and defends to short extra-cover
tossed up , a bit closer to off stump , driven to short extra-cover
short , rising ball on off stump . Hops to ride the bounce and play it down into the pitch with soft hands
length ball on off stump , stays back and blocks it back to the bowler
yorker outside off , opens his bat face and squeezes it to backward point
another flighted full-toss , clipped to mid-on from outside off stump
full , closer to off stump , clipped to midwicket
tossed up , wrong'un , spinning away from off stump , defended to short extra-cover
shortish , at the hip , looks to work it away and only manages a bit of thigh pad down to the keeper . Looks for a nervy leg bye without realising how close it is to FIELDER , and hurriedly backtracks to make his ground
bouncer , angling into the body , steps across and looks to hook , but is a touch late on the shot . FIELDER makes a polite appeal for caught behind , but that did n't hit anything
length ball close to off stump , lets it come on and defends with soft hands into the point region
length ball angling into off stump , defended towards mid-on
full , just outside off , driven to mid-off
a touch leg-sidish , swept to backward square leg
tossed up slow , pitching on middle and turning away from the left-hander . Does n't pick it , looks to work it leg side , and gets a leading edge that rolls towards mid-off
back of a length in the corridor , and BATTER is beaten looking to make room and dab to third man with an open face
length ball angling into the stumps , defended into the on side
digs it in short again , and there 's a quiet half-appeal from FIELDER after BATTER ducks under it . Clipped his right bicep on its way to the keeper
bouncer rising over off stump , BATTER ducks underneath
full again , on middle and leg , looking to deny BATTER room to free his arms . Clipped to midwicket
full , pitching on middle and leg , picks the wrong'un and drives to mid-off
nice length , straightening into middle stump , defended back down the pitch
full , angling into the corridor , driven off the front foot to mid-off
shortish , wide of off stump , left alone
length ball close to off stump , stays on the back foot and defends into the covers
wrong'un to start , on the shorter side , and BATTER , looking to go back and work it into the leg side , is beaten and hit on the thigh pad
similar line , but quicker , and BATTER drives to short extra-cover
legbreak now , wider outside off , beats the outside edge as BATTER thrashes at it with an angled bat , looking to hit through the covers
another googly , quicker this time . Gets half-forward to push down the ground , and is beaten on the inside edge . Hits the pad but it 's sliding down leg
wrong'un , nicely flighted , not picked at all . Wants to drive to long-off , ends up inside-edging to midwicket
full on middle and leg , looks to drive to long-on but the bowler moves quickly to his left to intercept
a bit fuller but flat and quick again , slanting across to off stump , defended back to the bowler
fired across the left-hander towards off stump , not much turn , keeps a bit low . Jabbed back to the bowler
full , close to off stump , driven wristily to extra-cover
short , wide , and BOWLER gets away with it . Snatches at his cut too early and hits it to extra-cover
goes back to this one straightening into him and cramping him for room . Punched back to the bowler
tossed up close to off stump , driven smoothly and extra-cover dives right to stop it
length ball , slanted across and straightening towards off stump , defended back to the bowler , from the crease
very full , on middle stump , makes room and drills it back to the bowler with a lot of bottom hand
full on off stump , driven firmly back to the bowler
full on off stump , punched back to the bowler
turn again , and BATTER , looking to make room to thrash through the off side , gets a thick outside edge to short third man
ooh , good ball . Perhaps not short enough to cut , and BATTER does n't really move his feet there , just uses his hands to try and steer it away , and it pitches and turns sharply past the outside edge
similar delivery , skidding legbreak around off stump without too much turn , chopped to backward point
length ball outside off , stays back and jabs towards backward point
wrong'un , goes back to try and push through the off side , does n't pick it . Thick outside edge , hits the keeper 's right pad and rolls to backward point
full outside off , too full to drive through the covers . Jabbed back to the bowler with a turn of the wrists
on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
flat-footed flash , outside off , fifth-stump line , and no contact
back of a length , tapped to point , and BATTER is sent back in a scurry ! That would have been tight ...
fenced into the off side , blocked on a full length
full length , and defended back down the pitch
rolls the fingers , and beats a stabbed block outside off
slightly quicker delivery , 80mph/130kph this time , and BATTER is hurried on his drive , inside-edge to the leg side
another slower ball , 70mph/113kph , no pace to work with , stabbed to cover
another slower ball , outside off , poked to cover
oof , that one flew ! Hits the seam on an off-stump line , good length , climbs savagely past the splice !
short and wide , climbs into a cut , and misses out
vertical blade , punched off the back foot to point
right behind the line this time to defend with sturdy wrists back to the bowler
tighter line , back of a length , BATTER has another big wind-up but ca n't get this one away , as the bowler gathers
blocked on the back foot , fuller face of the bat
hint of away swing , just back of a length . BATTER kneels into another drive but ca n't connect
full length , off-stump line , drilled hard on the front foot , half-stopped by the bowler
onto the front foot , head over the ball , stabbed back down the pitch
turned inside out by a leg-stump line , half an appeal but never any chance of the lbw . Pitched way outside
squared up on a defensive drive , watchfully playing the tight line back to the bowler
back of a length , tight line , blocked in defence into the off side
whipped from an off-stump line , out to square leg
tight line , into the pads , blocked down into the crease
full length , outside off , bashed to point with a flick of the wrists
edged , and inches short at second slip ! Another genuine edge , BATTER throwing his hands into the drive , and so nearly a third wicket !
aggressive pacy delivery , attacking the stumps from the outset at 140kph
back of a length , blocked on off-stump
lovely yorker ! Looked like an inside-edge on a wild swipe , no threat of a wicket , but no hope of connecting properly either
cracked on the front foot , very wide line , connects with a toe-ended drive to cover
squared up on the back foot , squeezed off the splice into the covers
flashy outside off , and nip off the seam down the slope . BATTER flings his bat into the ether , and ca n't connect
fuller length , pushed right up outside off , and thumped with a closed face once more to the on-side
fenced to the on-side , slightly closed face on impact
flashed into the covers
huge appeal for an under-edged pull , and up goes the finger ! BATTER reviews immediately , but Pakistan were adamant ... a big heave and a pirouette , as BOWLER banged it in back of a length . But no bat involved ! Gosh , umpire Illingworth looks nonplussed as he overturns his decision . He was n't the only one who heard something
very full length , BATTER leans into the drive but scuffs his shot into the off side
shaping away from BATTER this time , nip away from the edge as he holds the bat inside the line
nipping back into the left-hander 's knee-roll , back down the slope and bouncing over the top of middle as it flicks the pad-flap
Inside edge , very close to leg stump ! Standing tall on the back foot , and some extra nip off the seam hustles the defensive push
fuller length , shaped towards the cordon , flowing drive to point
back of a length , tight line , inside-edged defence down into the crease . That 's a lively over of cut and thrust
booming drive , and misses ! Pushed across on a wider line , and a flat-footed yahoo , aimed into the covers
good leave , shaped across the right-hander , who lets it pass on length over the top of off . He was found out chasing that angle in the first match
pushed onto the back foot , leg-stump line , nudged to the on-side
onto the front foot , punched to cover
a wild wipe ! Outside the stumps , so BATTER reckons that 's fair game , but late movement nearly takes out his timbers
flicked to the leg side , a violent return to the keeper gives Sarfaraz some work to do
solid in defence
a stride to the pitch , solid block back to the bowler . Now then ...
beaten outside off ! Now things get squeaky ! Stuck on the crease , lift off the deck , nearly the nick !
firmly forward , punched to the off side , and that hung in the air too , but FIELDER is too deep to make it a catch
fuller length , he was waiting for that one , but his clobbered drive is gathered at mid-off on the bounce
yorker , excellent delivery , speared in on the angle , well dug out
so nearly done him in ! Outstanding slower ball , tailing in late , completely foxing BATTER , and that wriggles over middle ! Yikes . BATTER grins as well he might
punched back to the bowler
short and wide outside off , the slash through the covers is on , but BATTER misses out . Close to a thin nick there !
angled bat on the full length , squeezed to short third man ... there 's an accurate shy to the keeper so they are checking the run out ... nope , nothing there
on the back foot , flicked to the on-side , no way through there
fires in the yorker , well dug out . But another over of progress for England
so nearly holed out ! And again , mid-on is fractionally too deep to be in the game ! BATTER dragging from outside off , and that 's bounced a foot in front of the fielder
tucked to the on-side , no way through there
tight lines in the push to cover
cracked off the back foot , but short third man is there
pressed into a drive , kneeling on the length ball and gathered by the bowler . Now then , can Pakistan finish this over well ... ?
a gallop to the pitch , another slower ball sticks in the pitch and hops over the stumps ! Careful now ...
slower ball , BATTER 's turn to check his drive as he lines up the lump through the covers
on the back foot , tucked to the on-side . This is a tight over so far ...
oof , went for the rasping pull , and nearly lost the top of middle ! Through it too soon , as that skims the bails
pushed back down the pitch
flogged off a good length , solid connection but straight at mid-on ... 97 needed now
probing length , very full on middle and leg , BATTER closes the gate to block it back to the bowler
better ball , bending in on a full length , solid forward defence to see it off
nudged into the leg side
squared up on the back foot , poked to cover
clears his front leg for the drive , but settles for a closed-face push back to the bowler . Line too tight to free the arms
punched into the covers , hit hard but straight at the man
full length , swinging away on an off-stump line , poked to point
inside edge that only just fails to clip off stump . BATTER very very lucky to survive that one
pace off this time , and BATTER 's through his shot early
good pace , defended cautiously
arrowing back into the stumps and he blocks it
Short ball , and the pull in front of square straight to the fielder . 12 off the BOWLER over , and England will feel some pressure lift
targets the stumps , and it 's driven back down the ground
defended and concludes another tidy over for
driven back to BOWLER . Sarfaraz tells him to keep doing what he 's doing

straighter and quicker , BATTER defends
pushed to backward point . Good comeback this over
pushed into the offside , but the single 's not on
defended
pushes out of his crease and defends
driven to midwicket
Dot ball to round it out but that 's an okay over for England . A boundary and a few singles they 'll take at this stage
held its line and BATTER lets that go
blocked , and that 's the end of another excellent over
pushes forward to defend
beats the outside edge with a pearler of a delivery . His Islamabad United teammate was beaten all ends up
another dot ball . Quiet over , this , and now England have gone two overs without a boundary on the trot . I believe every over prior had seen at least one go to the fence
crisply struck drive , but the man at cover does well to stop it in its tracks
pace off the ball , and BATTER defends . Game appears to have entered a holding pattern , if England have n't forgotten what those are
punched back to him
a bit of flight and turn , struck straight back to
driven down to mid-off
defended to round out the over
punched to backward point
starts off with a solid backfoot defensive shot
tucked him up , struck him high on the pads
firmly struck , but mid-off does well
blocked back to
defended
slower ball to round out the over
rolled his fingers over it , and BATTER did n't quite get a hold of it
charged down the wicket once more , but did n't quite middle it
jabbed into the onside
pushed down the ground , and it 's yet another frustrating over for poor
more flight from BOWLER , driven to Imam , who misfields . England do n't run , though
a little quicker from BOWLER , defended
another solid defensive shot back down the ground
gets in line and defends it back down the ground
defended
dances down the track and absolutely nails his teammate with the drive . It had four written all over it if not for the fact it thundered into poor Vincy , who was knocked down with the force of the shot
a bit of confusion , with BATTER turned back by BATTER . Frustrating over for
straightens towards BATTER , defended
punched to cover , and that will be drinks
on the legs , nudged to the on-side , ca n't find the gap at mid-on
firm and blocked to the off side
hard to backward point , ca n't get through there
right in behind the line on the back foot to defend
outside off , through to the keeper on a fifth-stump line . Left alone
tapped into the covers , up on the toes again
open-faced steer , but straight at backward point this time
punched off the back foot to cover
nudged to leg
banged in short , pulls out of the pull
flicked to midwicket , ca n't find the way through . Tidy finish from
back of a length , BATTER is deep in his crease , looking to make an angle to the leg side
back of a length , off-stump line , decent areas and respectfully blocked
full length , attacking the stumps , firm in defence
back of a length , tucked to the on-side , a cramped line from over the wicket into the legs
a hacking drive outside off , and no contact as BOWLER pushes one across BATTER 's bows
standing firm on the back foot , pressed to the on side
firmly into the off side
flicked to the on-side
back and across , defended into the off side
crashing drive , off the front foot , but straight at short cover
onto the front foot , punched to cover
back on an off-stump line , poked to cover
forward to a full-length delivery , head over the ball
on the back foot , punched down into the crease

FIELDER at full stretch to gather a wayward shy . It 's ragged out there
punched on the front foot again
pressed into the covers on the front foot
whoosh ! Banged in short , BATTER swings into a pull , misses everything , and gets a word in his shell from the bowler for his efforts . BATTER ushers him back to his mark
low full toss , too tight to the legs to capitalise . Mid-on is halfway back and gathers with ease
punched into the covers
pushed back down the pitch
width , ca n't connect
angled into the stumps , met with a solid punch of bat into the covers
driven with good mechanics , but straight to mid-off . Lining them up well so far
out comes a slip as BATTER aims another push into the covers , another stride onto the front foot
pressed into the off side
attacking the top of off , and BATTER brings out a very firm defensive block
biffed off the front foot , ca n't connect properly this time
finally , a dot-ball , BATTER shoulders arms on a tighter line outside off
very full , hint of inswing , solid contact on the drive back at the bowler 's shins
overpitched , thumped hard into the covers . Misses out on the full toss
takes the pace off and beats BATTER all ends up
commits to the bouncer this time and BATTER fails to deal with the extra bounce
excellent bouncer . BATTER was advancing and he drops the ball short . BATTER was looking for another wide , but the umpire would n't oblige
full onto the pads . BATTER is annoyed he did n't lap it over fine leg for six . Absolute stinker of a ball , and he even gets away with the wide call , does
good start , wide yorker that . BATTER was making room for himself and could do little about it
swing and a miss
high in the air but it lands safely ! Looked for all the world like mid-off or mid-on would get underneath it but it lands between the two
nearly took an absolute blinder ! It was a high full toss BATTER clobbered to short midwicket , where FIELDER looked like he 'd held on , only to drop it while he was off-balance
footwork slightly off there , swung at one wide of off stump and misses
tried to slash it through cover once more , but it 's a rare miss from Pakistan 's captain
pulled straight to midwicket
pushed at this one , uppish but lands in front of
clobbered down the ground , but straight to long-on
takes the pace off it and that seems to dupe BATTER , whose timing fails him
gorgeous delivery , the yorker seemed to have smashed into the stumps . He could n't get his bat down in time , and was lucky the ball just missed off stump
good ball to end the over , gripped and turned . BATTER opts to defend , but it 's still ten off the over
good riposte , tight to off stump and drawing a firm block
full length inswinger , clonked into the off side and mid-off picks up
inside edge ? If so , it 's been dropped by FIELDER , yes , looks like a faint deflection to unseat his take , his gloves were braced for the outside edge , if anything
another cutter , banged in short this time , and beats the attempt at a flappy pull
sweeps into a violent sweep , down the leg side but the wrists rescue the wide ... FIELDER might have been in the game for a second there as he hovered for the deflection
tight line , gentle turn on the leg-break , blocked from the crease to the on side
tight line , back of a length , dabbed down into the pitch
tucked to the on-side
solid areas , dabbed down into the deck
down on one knee for the sweep , a bit of excitement as FIELDER stretches , but that was off the shoulder
slashing cut , and FIELDER intercepts brilliantly to his left at backward point
good start , tight line on off stump , drawn forward and turning off the deck . Blocked
advanced to the pitch , thrashed back at the bowler and half-stopped
looped onto a good length , worked off the front foot to the on-side
banged in short , pulls out of the pull as FIELDER stretches to gather
rolls the wrists on impact , wide mid-on grabs in two hands
banged in short , BATTER ducks
worked to the on-side once more , BOWLER probing on a full length , tight line
flicked to the on-side , anchored in the crease
stabbed off the front foot , open face into the covers
a skip to the pitch , well flighted from Parky , dipping on middle-and-off , and nudged to the on side
on the legs , no turn to speak of , BATTER taps to short backward square
languid drive , straight at short cover , but the levers are cranking now ...
tip-and-run , and dicey ! Sent back into the covers , and there 's a direct hit at the non-striker 's end , but safely home
punched to cover
yorker , well pitched , and a bit of a reflexive call for the non-existent single to cover . Correctly turned down by his partner
extra nip , and BATTER is squelched on the hip ! That 's going to smart
back of a length , rising off the deck into a back-foot punch to cover
clipped off the legs , midwicket gathers
short and slightly wide , but Imam ca n't do much with it
blocked back to
driven to backward point , 88mph , that ball
watches it go through to the keeper
length ball , defended to mid-on
exquisite bowling . Wobbles in the air , deviates ever so slightly off the pitch and is a whisker away from taking the outside edge
wicket-to-wicket delivery , and BATTER defends
driven to cover . That was a half-volley , there to be dispatched
front foot punch to mid-off . Again , it 's straight to him , so he 's never getting a run with that shot
defended this time
bit of intent from Imam , for a change . Tried to pull it over midwicket , but went through that shot a bit early . Gets a leading edge onto it and it goes nowhere , really
swung . Swung way after Imam had let it go , which meant the only person it created problems for was the keeper . FIELDER did fantastically well to get an outstretched left paw on it , though
gets in line behind it and blocks
drags this down slightly
driven crisply to mid-on . That 's a shot Imam 's played very often without looking to beat that man at any point
full , defended to short midwicket
watches it go through to the keeper
pushes it into the offside . Good pace from BOWLER , that was banged in at 87 mph
blocked
thick inside edge onto the pad . 22 dot balls in 23 from BATTER today
driven to cover
lets it go through
hangs his bat out at it , and is lucky not to get an edge on it
good-looking drive , but it 's straight to the mid-off fielder . Reminds me of Ahmed Shehzad
slashed through the offside , but without any real timing
watchfully lets it go through to the keeper
watches this go by , too
angling away from Imam , who lets it go
defends it to the offside , and that 's the Powerplay done
full , and defended
defended
poked defensively into the offside
shaped away off the seam , and it 's another maiden for England
copy and paste , really . I 've run out of things to say
angling in from length and heading for the top of off . He defends once more
another one he lets go now . No run in 11 balls for Pakistan 's premier batsman
wobbles in the air and BATTER decides he wants nothing to do with it . Watches it go past
no real timing on that punch to extra cover
watches this one go by to the keeper
clipped to mid-on
thick edge to backward point . No run off the bat for 14 deliveries now
another exaggerated forward defensive shot . Getting repetitive , this . I could just start copy and pasting
length ball , blocked to mid-on
shoulders arms . BATTER yet to get off the mark after eight deliveries
yorker at 86mph from BOWLER . BATTER digs it out and tries to get off strike , but no way was Imam running to the danger end there . Wisely this time , I should add
slightly too full and it 's another drive to the mid-on fielder
driven down to mid-on
banged in once more , and it 's blocked
short , defended to the offside
driven to mid-off , and that 's the over
another block . Tidy bowling , but then again , Pakistan are allowing England to be just tidy and get away with it
lets this one go , too . 4 boundaries , one single and 13 dot balls for Imam at present . Simply not good enough
angling away from him , and Imam shoulders arms
worked into the onside
smartly defended . England having the better of this for now

the solid defensive shot looks lovely , but you do n't get many runs for that ! Pakistan still dealing in staccato boundaries for their runs
defended to short midwicket
runs it down to mid-off and canters down for a single , which Imam turns down rather late , and somewhat inexplicably . There was definitely a run there , and FIELDER misfielding it made Imam refusing it even stranger
rounds out the over with yet another dot ball
gets in line and plays a solid forward defensive shot
nipped away from the bat , takes a thick outside edge
worked into the onside , where square leg cuts it off
rapped on the pads , but it 's always going down leg side
back of a length delivery , poked into the offside
leans into a drive to mid-off
blocked but set off for a run that never was there . Imam sends him back after he 's about a third of the way through his run , and wisely so
gets in line and blocks to round out a tidy over
driven to mid-off
defended to the onside
tried to clip it to square leg , hits him on the pad
opens up his body , drives to cover
straight , arrowing into the pads . Huge appeal from BOWLER but FIELDER is n't keen . Might have been an inside edge , Either way , intriguing first over comes to an end
banged in and he decided not to play at this one
even better . This one wobbled milliletres from Imam 's outside edge ; he was beaten all ends up .
wonderful comeback . Pitched on a length and looks like it shaped away off the seam . Beats the outside edge
drifts in a skiddy delivery , defended back
driven firmly to cover
gets well forward and defends back
reverse swept nicely but excellent reflexes by the slip fielder to stop
skiddy length ball on middle and leg , tucked to midwicket
leading edge that rolls short of cover
beaten as he tries for an expansive reverse sweep
gets well forward and blocks
pushed to mid-on , thought of a single , BATTER said no
short of length outside off , defended firmly to cover
full , bit of tail in , defends back with soft hands
stands tall and punches to cover
punched to short cover
fired full outside off , forces this off the frontfoot to point
defended back to the bowler
gets well forward and stabs that away
punches this to mid-off
slower delivery outside off , left alone
off a thickish inside edge onto the pad
defended into the leg side
punched back to the bowler


gets well forward and blocks
steps out and drives it back to the bowler
short of length angling in from wide of the crease , defended with soft hands
slower length ball , cut well but good stop at backward point
no room to cut , chops that down to the gully region . This is good bowling from BOWLER , pounding in at good pace , very accurate too
misfield at point , no runs taken though . BATTER with a chip down the track as he cut that away
slapped away but ca n't pierce the packed off side ring , finds point
drops short , BATTER attempts to muscle a pull back down the ground , picks out the bowler
pushed through on the stumps , Billing dinks it off the back foot and BOWLER fields
pitched up in the corridor and BATTER is forward , drills the ball to mid-off
pitched up , BATTER is across and stabs towards point
line and length , angled across , lets this one go
touch short in the channel and BATTER has a little flirt with it , fails to connect
pitched up wide of the stumps , 83mph/134kph and BATTER lets it go
tossed up outside off and tapped gently into the covers
flighted , angling in from round the wicket , BATTER leans out to defend
pushed through outside off as BATTER comes down and works across the line
uses the feet , head over the ball , taps it back
tossed up on off stump , BATTER comes forward to defend
pitched up , tighter line and defended pressing forwards
chopped into the off side playing back
short of a length , BATTER attempts to pull but gets it off the toe of the bat
flighted , again BATTER ca n't work the ball past the man at midwicket
tossed up and nudged to midwicket coming forwards
tossed up and worked leg side
in the channel , 83mph/134kph and gripping a little as Billing goes back and dabs at a cut , misses
full , 86mph/138kph and driven coming across , picks out mid-on
good length on off , defended watchfully coming forwards
shuffles across , again ca n't pick the gap
pushed through and BATTER again picks out midwicket
tries to come down but squeezes the ball against his front pad
tossed up and worked towards midwicket
hits a good length on fourth stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat in defence
tight line , defended on off stump
back of a length , 84mph on the stumps , mistimed to midwicket
flighted , BATTER is across and taps it away
lobbed up on the stumps and nudged down the pitch
comes across , tapped into the covers
tossed up on off , clipped to mid-off
good length , comes across and pushes into the covers
comes across and taps this one down
length ball , BATTER presses out to defend
punched towards mid-off , BATTER nearly maroons himself halfway up the pitch ... but manages to turn like a Hackney carriage and regain his ground as the throw comes in !
flighted , worked with the turn from off stump
tossed up , met with a solid front-foot block
pushed through , BATTER closes the face and gets a low leading edge
flighted , on off stump and tucked to leg
pitched up , 86mph/138kph and BATTER punches to mid-off
fuller , outside off and BATTER drives uppishly , bounces well in front of mid-off
closes the face early , gets a low leading edge back to the bowler
back of a length , BATTER plays across the line ... FIELDER does n't take it cleanly , but I do n't think there was an edge . Just thigh pad
short ball , 80mph/129kph and fended leg side , BATTER was scooting down only to be sent back ... needs to dive full length ! But the throw at the non-striker 's was wide
tossed up on the stumps , full length and tapped to leg
pushed through on middle and leg , nudged square
flatter , spinning leg side as BATTER sweeps and wears it on the front pad
flighted , slow and dipping on off , YJB is forward and clips to midwicket
length , YJB goes hard again , the ball nips back to hit the pads ... was there an inside edge ? Yes , looks like it , only a strangled appeal from
short ball , sits up nicely but BATTER swings across the line and fails to connect
back of a length on off stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat
good length on off , 84mph/136kph as BATTER walks into line and blocks
full and BATTER attempts to wipe it off the stumps , miscued
back of a length , 79mph and chopped into the covers
length ball on off , 85mph/137kph and BATTER chops down into the off side , gets bat on ball
pitched up , swinging away wide of the stumps , BATTER has a ragged slash and fails to connect
full , shaping into middle , defended
full , straight and very fast with a bit of tail in , he looks to hoick it across the line and misses . Shaved past the off stump
beaten as he looks to hit that out of the park with the pull shot . Effort delivery that from
beaten by another good bouncer , this time on leg stump . Whizzed past the gloves as he looked to hook that into the stands
beaten as he tries to fetch the pull from way outside off
turns this nicely to midwicket
ducks under the short ball angled in
defended into the covers
full and straight , tailing in a bit , kept out
length ball outside off , bunted to point
shows the full face of the bat as he defends this with soft hands
full delivery angled across , squirted to point
right besides the line this time to defend
hit on the body , close to the box . Ouch , not much assistance can be got for that .
slower and fuller on the stumps , defended watchfully . He picked it off the hand
right behind the line as he tucks this into the leg side
gets well forward and blocks
defended from the crease
lunges forward and smothers this
laced down to mid-off
slips in a full delivery , struck on the pad as he tries to nudge it fine
beaten as he tries to make room for a cut . Sharp turn for
huge appeal for lbw but this was doing too much ! Rips back in from way outside off , almost turned 45 degrees there . Surely missing leg . FIELDER does n't bother reviewing
full and straight on the stumps , squirted into the leg side
nice and full , angling in from around the stumps , kept out
tossed up and defended coming across
darted on off , BATTER props forward
banged in , 87mph/139kph and hitting the splice as BATTER defends to the on side
shortish , 84mph/135kph and steered into the ground towards backward point
back of a length in the channel , BATTER hangs the bat out and fails to connect
flatter on the stumps , BATTER is back to cut but picks out point
tossed up , nudged off the pads
goes fuller , on off stump , BATTER is forward and pushes to mid-on
back of a length around off stump , BATTER gets his head over it in defence
length ball , 85mph/137kph and blocked coming across
too straight , worked off the back foot through square for one
plays back outside off , steered through backward point with an open face
quicker and straighter and tapped away
gives this some air , legbreak in the channel and BATTER gets in an exaggerated stride , leaves
flighted , around off stump , BATTER is forward to tap into the covers
leans forward and flicks across the line
floated up , BATTER is forward and works to leg
flat offie wide of the stumps and BATTER cuts to backward point
BATTER skips out and defends , think that 's hit pad first ... a long way down but England review , wonder what ball-tracking will make of it ? Over 3m down the pitch , so that will stay as umpire 's call ... and it was clearing middle and leg anyway . Ambitious
tossed up on the stumps and tapped away
goes back and dabs it down wide of slip
skids this into the pads , heading down leg , I think
googly from round the wicket , spins past the outside edge as BATTER props forward
leans out and taps into the covers
bit of drift into the left-hander from round the wicket , clips the inside edge as BATTER defends
flat offbreak wide of off stump , punched towards backward point
pushed through and worked to leg , cut off inside the ring
flights the legbreak , pitching and straightening on off as BATTER props forward to block
pushed through straighter , defended
googly , nicely disguised as it angles across and BATTER plays inside the line
gives this some air , BATTER is across and taps it away
lobbed up and punched towards mid-off
flighted , BATTER works this into the leg side
tucked to the leg side with the spin , midwicket pounces
tossed up on the stumps , patted back
over the wicket , floated full on leg stump and BATTER nudges it away
lovely stuff , fizzing legbreak past the groping forward prod , FIELDER whips off the bails ... but the back foot was safely anchored
quicker , right up towards the blockhole and BATTER nearly yorks himself trying to keep it out
bit of flight and dip on off stump , BATTER defends
pushed through , turning towards leg stump , nudged down
tossed up and met coming forwards on off stumps
hazardous running again , BATTER this time sets off and then has to scuttle back - makes his ground
flat offbreak , pushed back to the bowler
stays over the wicket to the left-hander , tossed up on off and defended
flighted , tapped into the covers coming forwards
beautifully bowled , flighted legbreak that draws him forwards and then rags past the outside edge
tossed up on the stumps , patted back
tossed up , BATTER does n't fall for it , stretches out to defend softly
pushed through with the arm , defended
better line , tossed up outside off , defended coming forwards
slips in another googly to finish , BATTER plays it off the back foot and taps calmly to midwicket as FIELDER lets out an excited growl behind the stumps
on the stumps , BATTER is across and defends
tossed up slower outside off , pushed towards cover
oh , nearly bowled 'im ... Goes for the slog-sweep but fails to connect , the ball turning and skidding through past off stump !
goes back and across and stabs towards point
quick and flat outside off , BATTER attempts to cut and gets a bottom edge , bounces short of slip
slower ball to finish the over , KOB bows his head in defence
short outside off , 82mph and guided towards backward point
short of a length , tucked down off the hip
googly to finish , BATTER reaches for it and deflects and inside edge to leg
flighted , KOB clips back down the track
pushed through , quicker and straighter and cut away off the back foot , finds a fielder
flights the legbreak , defended on the front foot
slower ball from BOWLER , sits up outside off as BATTER gets into line and taps square
fullish , 82mph/132kph on middle and leg , BATTER again ca n't work it past midwicket
comes across and dabs this down into the off side
touch short on the pads , tucked towards midwicket
length ball , 80mph/129kph and BATTER shows it a straight bat , yells `` No ! ''
floated up , spins on a line with off stump , BATTER stays back and blocks
lobbed up on middle and off , tapped back down the track
foxed by the slower ball , saved by a thin inside edge ! Did n't perhaps pick this one off the back of the hand , feeble push down the wrong line . Lucky escape
skiddy short of length delivery , rises with the bounce and dabs it to gully
gets well forward and defends
drifts in a quicker and fuller delivery , kept out
driven with the spin to cover , lovely flight from
right on top of the bounce as he defends with soft hands
right behind the line as he keeps out this full delivery on the stumps
reaches out and drives to cover again
tossed up , driven straight to cover
has he tickled this to the keeper ? Polite enquiry from FIELDER , umpire unmoved . Looks like it flicked the pad on the way
flipper that he 's almost late on , somehow managed to get some bat on it . Super from
googly which rips back in as BATTER leaves , very lucky this did n't smash off-stump
drifts in from wide of the crease , squirted off a thickish inside edge to midwicket
hops back and bunts it with soft hands to the off side
driven firmly to extra cover
guided to gully
length around the sixth-stump , left alone
beaten as he attempts a short-arm jab . Cramped for room by one that nipped in and kept low
firm push to mid-off
beaten as he looks to punch on the up
skids one back in from wide of the crease , defended
gets this to jag away a wee bit to square him up and beat the edge , cracker-jack of a delivery
goes after the drive , not timed well enough . Straight to cover point
covers the line as he defends
driven straight to extra cover
bunted into the off side
full outside off , hint of movement back in and he lets it go again
there for the drive but BATTER says 'no thanks '
steered to point
full and slanted across , left alone
right back on the hop as he defends
hat-trick averted ! Defended from the crease
driven firmly to mid-off
driven firmly but straight to cover point . Wicket maiden
defended off the backfoot
angles in from wide of the crease , right behind the line in defence is
driven straight to point , still not off the mark
beaten as he goes chasing a wide delivery
has he gloved this to the keeper ? Very close it was . Looked to walk across and take on the short ball . Aggressive intent
tucks this to the leg side
slants one across , shorter in length , left alone
full and angling away , BATTER wants to go for a drive but bails out in the end
right on top of the bounce as he defends
nips back in from outside off , pushed to mid-off
driven straight to extra cover
beaten on the drive again , this is excellent bowling . BATTER challenged early on by ones that move and those that hold its line
jaffa ! Waits for this to angle in while it pitches on middle and nips away to beat the edge . Phew
good ball again , slants on a length , skids through to the keeper as BATTER leaves
and he defends the first ball quite nicely , off the backfoot
good leave to a length ball that nips back in from the sixth stump line
right behind the line as he defends
squared up by the length but he manages to play this down , safely rolls to point
lifter outside off , left alone
nice and full , slanted across , solidly defended
shortens his length on middle , defended back
pitched up , firmly driven to mid-off . Lovely feeling of ball hitting the middle of the bat for
full outside off , punched to cover
fuller outside off , tapped to cover
full on the stumps , driven to mid-off
full and wide outside off , slapped to cover
pushed to mid-on
good stop by the point fielder . That was cut with power but he flew to his right and got a hand to it to stop it going further
length on the stumps , defended towards gully with an angled bat
keeps it a stump to stump line now . BATTER stays in his crease and beside the ball , steers to point
length outside off , went to cut it but the ball did n't bounce as much as he thought it would . Goes under his bat
under edge does n't carry to the keeper . Dug in short but does n't bounce , BATTER goes for a big old heave-ho pull , gets an under-edge . It dies and reaches the keeper on half-volley
full on off , defended to mid-off
driven crisply but straight to mid-on
fuller , there for the drive outside off and he goes for it , but does n't time it that well . Cover fields
length on the stumps , steered to point
short ball outside off , he shapes to pull but drops his bat down and does n't go for the shot
length on the stumps , turned to midwicket
sliced the attempted push and the ball hangs in the air for a bit before bouncing in front of mid-off
fuller on the stumps , defended from the crease
flat angling in , turned towards square leg
down the track , the bowler shortens his length and it takes the pad towards short leg
fuller on the stumps , dead-batted
quicker and flatter , he hurries into the bunt a little and hits it back to the bowler
careful front foot defence to finish the over
ooh that was a big swipe across the line and he gets an inside edge to short fine leg
goes back and pushes to mid-off . Hung in the air for a moment longer than the batsman would have been comfortable with
flatter on off , pushed back to the bowler on the back foot
length ball , goes back and bunts to midwicket off the inside half of the bat
down the track but fired in flatter and into him , ends up defending it back
tossed up , defended into the legside on the front foot
fuller , he misreads the length goes deep in his crease and defends
floated up outside off , drives off the back foot but ca n't beat cover
given some air , he takes a big stride out and defends into the offside
back of a length on off , defended back to the bowler
that 's a good short ball , spat up from back of a length towards his grille and he had to get his hands up quickly to tap it down
length on the pads , flicked away but ca n't beat midwicket
back of a length blocked back to the bowler
back of a length outside off , pushed to mid-off
length on middle and leg , defended on the front foot
fuller , driven off the toe-end to mid-off . Maiden over . Did you ever think you 'd see that just ten minutes back when BATTER was batting ?
nice lift there from BOWLER , pitches back of a length and carries through at nice height . Left alone by BATTER , in the channel
has a waft at that one but does n't connect . Angling across him and he saw the opportunity for a booming drive . But the ball hisses past the outside edge
good length in the channel , he stays still and watches it go to the keeper
fuller on off , defended to cover . Early and loud call of `` NO '' for the quick single .
leans into the drive to a wide one outside off , bounces well short of mid-off . Was travelling low too .
nicely behind a full ball to defend with a straight bat
length on off , defended to mid-off
good ball to bowl on a free hit to No.8 . Bouncer on leg stump and a quick one too , BATTER late on the pull and does n't connect
slightly fuller but on a tight line on off , he gets his bat down in time to defend towards mid-off
good length angling across him , left alone
left alone outside off
length outside off , pushed to cover
nice tight line on off on a good length , BATTER gets nicely behind it and defends
back of a length on off , carefully patted back down the pitch
good length angling in again , defended towards mid-on
better line and length , on off , defended
good length angling in , tucked to midwicket
length on middle , defended back
short again and BATTER ca n't time his pull
good finish to the over , outside off on a good length and drawing a judicious leave
angled bat , solid block out to the off side as BOWLER probes in the channel outside off
back of a length , nudged to the on side
better areas , drawing a compact forward defensive from a leather-sniffing
ferocious from BATTER now ! A high-handed drill into the covers , where FIELDER wears it rather than stops it
on the back foot , leg stump line , blocked
back of a length , hitting the deck hard , blocked on the back foot
slower ball , BATTER advances and taps it back down the track
drawn forward again , good wicket-to-wicket lines from the offspinner
pushed back into the crease , good probing line from BOWLER , devoutly over the wicket
wider on the crease , BATTER opens the face for a drive to backward point
pressed into the covers
very full , wide line again , decent defensive areas as BATTER scuffs a drive to point
nudged to long-on , BATTER sees out the over with caution after his violent interludes
blocked off the back foot
too short , but gets away with it as BATTER claws a cut to a tumbling point
oodles of power on the back-foot punch but short cover sticks out a hand to intercept
shuffling onto the back foot , pushed back to the bowler
a crunching back-foot thump into the covers , straight to the man this time , but oh so elegant ...
on the back foot , an attempted glide to third man
fired into the hip , a slight deflection for the keeper to pounce
advancing to the pitch , another attempted nurdle to the leg side but does n't find the gap this time
tight line , drawn forward , solid block
drilled back down the ground , on a full length
wider line , swinging away , VInce fishes for the actual wide , but nope , not this time
chipped to the leg side , very full length
left alone outside off , curling through to the keeper
inside-edged in defence , BATTER is just biding his time here , but no need to rush with BATTER on turbo-charge
opening the face , guiding a back-foot push to point , plugging away just back of a length now
rising on the back foot , BATTER hops into line to defend
solidly blocked back to the bowler , very full length
pressed to mid-on as BOWLER probes on a full length
over the wicket , tight line , respectfully blocked on the back foot
blotted down into the crease , on the back foot . Cautious in defence
trapped on the crease and thumped on the pad , but no appeal , hopping over the top
squared up on the back foot , an open-faced push to point
a wafty drive , on the back foot , not quite timed
over-pitched , thumped with authority but straight to mid-on
oof , that 's a shot at thin air ! Back of a length , outside off , greedily into the short-arm pull and missing out entirely
pumped back to the bowler off the back foot
angled across the right hander , BATTER lets it fly by to the keeper . That early wicket has demanded England take a look and show respect
blocked on the back foot , sightly hurried once again by a burly action
blocked down into the crease , head over the ball on the back foot . Tight line and length once more
shoulders arms outside off , like a man with all the time in the world
back of a length , a compact punch to extra cover
drops the hands outside off , good carry through to the keeper
tight line on off stump and blocked

back of a length outside off , gets an under-edge on the pull that bounces to the keeper
yorker on the fifth stump , he tries to steer it more in hope than anything but does n't make contact
good finish with a yorker that goes through his legs , outside leg
slower bouncer , well disguised . He was too early into the shot , tried to adjust to tap the pull down but ca n't connect .
through him . Yorker length on leg stump , he was looking to whack that over midwicket but does n't connect and the ball misses leg stump by an inch
moves across and BOWLER bowls it back of a length on leg stump . The batsman misses the pull
quick bouncer to finish , outside off and defeats the attempted pull shot
wide yorker this time , he stays in his crease and tries to flay it through the offside down on one knee , gets an inside edge that bounces onto his thigh pad
superbly bowled yorker , as he was going across , and all he can do is jam it into the ground back towards the bowler . BOWLER leaps up in his follow through and fields it
banged in short and it goes over the bat as he tries to pull .
fires in a yorker from around the wicket , which he keeps out , nudging to midwicket
another quick one , a bouncer this time and BATTER is late on the pull , misses it
past the outside edge . This was banged in a bit shorter and with more force , and it hissed up in the channel
back of a length on off , bunted to mid-off . A bit too early into the shot
back of a length outside off he goes to cut but the ball goes over the bat
full on the stumps , driven hard and there 's a mis-field by short cover . But the ball goes to mid-off and there 's no single
spotted him coming down the track and bowled it full and wide outside off . BATTER had no option but to let it go
floats up a yorker length ball on the stumps , which is patted back straight
angling into him , tucks him up and he pushes it to the legside
back of a length outside off , he has a waft at it but does n't connect . FIELDER is appealing loudly , BOWLER joins him late . And wait a minute , they 've convinced FIELDER to have a review . Daylight between bat and ball , and there 's clearly no edge there . Dunno what FIELDER heard . Not out .
waits in his crease this time and tries to steer it fine but FIELDER is quickly across to prevent thoughts of a single
not able to get underneath the balls is BATTER with BOWLER keeping it flat . Driven back to the bowler
full and flat again , driven back straight , BOWLER goes low to his left to field
flatter and angling across him flat-batted drive to mid-off
full outside off , driven hard into the ground but straight to cover
angling in again , and he did n't look like he read this one either but had taken a big stride forward and wears it on his pad
goes right back and shows a straight bat in defence
this time he takes it from outside off and flicks , but again ca n't go past midwicket
fuller on the stumps , goes on the front foot and turns it to midwicket
full on off , tapped to cover and an early call of `` NO '' for the quick single
fuller on off , driven with force but straight to cover
length outside off , pushed to cover
a bottom-handed thump to mid-off
hurried on the back foot , on off stump again , skidding a touch lower
solid in defence again , no way through as BOWLER probes on and around off stump
firm in defence , leaning onto the front foot
another leggie , more gentle through the air and off the pitch
big legbreak ! Drift , dip , and huge bite past the outside edge . You 'll do well to touch that
back foot , blocked off the pitch as BOWLER straightens it on off stump
lots of air outside off , flat-batted to point
clobbered with lots of bottom hand into the covers . Well intercepted
firm in defence , into the off side
massive appeal again ! So early on the sweep that the bat could have reached it on the followthrough . Thumped on the back leg , but was it outside the line ? Umpire Milns reckons so , but England review . That was flattening off stump , surely ... but yes , looks wide , and in fact going over too . Good decision
eased into the covers
huge appeal ! This one skids straight on and raps the knee-roll ... a touch high maybe , inside edge potentially ...
forward , pressed back to the bowler , off a good length and tight line
skidding through outside off , attempted cut but ca n't make contact
full length on the legs , clipped to the on side
pushed back and across to defend the shorter ball
tucked to short cover , a good finish to a slightly wild over
crashed to midwicket , just about there for the shot , a round-house pull to a shorter ball , but too eager onto the shot
on the back foot , waiting for the wrong'un , and blocked
right up to the blockhole , chiselled to midwicket
cracked hard to point with a wild scything cut , but well intercepted with a dive . Ireland are going nowhere fast right now
good areas from BOWLER , outside off and biting hard into a back-foot steer
leaning out of the crease , firm in defence
on the back foot , stabbed to backward point
pushed to the off side
left alone with a very tightly judged non-shot . There are two types of leave ...
on the back foot , and stoutly blocked
off-stump line , leaning over the ball
drawn forward and blocked
shoulders arms with intent , almost Test-match in outlook
pelted into the covers , and FIELDER pounces beautifully . No issue with the skipper , now back on the field
outside off , dangling the bat , and beaten on the inside edge . Good wheels from BOWLER ...
firm in defence again , leaning forward to push back to the bowler
rushing onto the bat , on the back foot , open-faced poke to the off side
a wafty drive on the front foot , ca n't connect properly , BOWLER rushes through another set
googly , blocked on the front foot
flogged to mid-off , but with no timing
soft hands , blocking the legbreak into the off side
aggressive full length , pushed back to the bowler
shoulders arms to a lifter outside off
firm in defence , on the front foot
tight line and length , bursting past the edge . Well bowled ...
cheeky bowling , dragging the batsman out of the crease with a teasing length , dipping and biting on the googly , and patted away
a cautious push into the covers , on the front foot
forward and blocked
on the front foot this time to finish off a tidy over
back of a length and blocked
poked into the covers once more
lots of flight and bite on the legspinner to finish , defended in a kneeling stance on off stump
pushed onto the back foot by the leggie , blocked on middle and off
squeezing the line on middle and off , bat and pad thrust forward in cagey defence
lots of air , a firm drive into the covers and an even firmer `` no ! ''
head over the ball , a planted front foot in defence
driven offf a full length , out to mid-off
that 's a sharp bouncer , sizzling over the batsman 's head as he flinches in his stance
full length , decent wheels , thumped to cover
another wrong'un to finish , blocked on the front foot , head over the ball to defend
legbreak , drawing BATTER onto the front foot to defend
whirring onto a good length and blocked
firm in defence , on the front foot and into the covers
blotted into the leg side , tight lines at an aggressive pace
blocked on the back foot , into the off side
firmly into line , and solidly blocked
full length , tight line , absolutely nothing wrong with that delivery . He 's in danger of earning himself another here !
cautiously patted out to point , just back of a length
nibble and bounce ! That 's a very fine delivery , rising past a tentative edge through to the keeper
big stride , on the off stump again , firm shout of 'no ! ' as BOWLER presses away with a well-presented seam
angled bat , leaning forward on the off stump . BOWLER is having more fun in an international than , well , since he was well set at Brisbane all those years ago ...
tossed up on the stumps , he stays legside of the ball and drives to cover
oooh , beaten first up . Pitches outside off and he 's expecting it to spin a lot more than it does , goes past his inside edge
fuller , check-drives it to mid-off
driven to cover off the back foot
length outside off , punched to cover
length ball , played it back to the bowler
length outside off , tries to steer it fine but FIELDER at slip dives to his right and stops it on the bounce
quicker outside off , chopped back to the bowler
fuller on off , pushed to short cover
back of a length on a sixth stump line , left alone
punches on the up from outside off but ca n't beat cover
better line , outside off , still a bit full and driven straight but gently enough for the bowler to field
good length and spinning a bit from outside off , defended
length spinning into him from just outside off , tapped to midwicket
length outside off , he moves across and uses wrists to flick to midwicket
fuller , stroked to cover
full on the stumps , shows the full face of the bat to drive to mid-on
yorker on off stump , blocked
length ball on the stumps , jams it back to the bowler
full on the stumps , drives it to mid-on
length outside off , cuts from close to his body to point
fuller again , driven back but not timed well . BOWLER fields it to his right
fullish on the pads , flicked but straight to midwicket .
fullish on the stumps , blocked back down the pitch
jags away sharply form a fullish length on off to finish well wide of off . Shouldered arms
fuller on the stumps , driven firmly to mid-off
another one goes past . Hits the seam and moves away , past the outside edge as he 's shaping to play it straight back
fullish outside off , driven to mid-off
beauty Beats him on the inside edge this time , because the batsman thought it 'll be another one that moves away . Leaves him split in half
fuller on the stumps , driven to mid-on
full outside off and hint of swing away , once again a batsman is beaten on the drive to that line and length .
good length outside off and moving away a touch , left alone
fuller , opens the face to drive , but ca n't beat backward point
back of a length on leg stump , raps him on the thigh pad as he tries to punch to mid-off
fuller on off stump this time and driven smoothly from the crease , but straight to cover
slants it wide of off stump again , but left alone this time
fuller and wider , again entices a drive but the batsman connects with air only
length on leg stump , tries to flick it off his pads but does n't connect
another one that goes past the outside edge , jags away after pitching on middle and BATTER is left with bat hanging trying to punch
pulls the length back a wee bit , and gets it to move across the right-hander to defeat his attempted punch
fuller outside off , fluid drive on the front foot but straight to point
length outside off , tapped to cover off the back foot
lovely delivery to end , snakes past the outside edge from a length outside off
a bit fuller , he mis-times his drive to mid-off
superb lines by BOWLER , consistently beating the bat outside off , upright seam that pitches on middle and moves slightly across to be within touching distance of the outside edge
back of a length angling away from him outside off and left alone . Good comeback by BOWLER . Maiden over
back of a length on off , goes back in his crease and taps it down softly towards point
slightly back of a length , pushes him on the back foot and he defends towards point with an angled bat
beaten . Off-cutter perhaps , jags away from a length to beat the outside edge as he was coming forward to defend it
length outside off and travelling further away , he shoulders arms to it
length outside off , driven to cover
not giving him any room , on leg and middle and he jams it towards mid-off
slightly wider outside off , left alone
lovely line and length , kissing the offstump almost , and whistles past the outside edge of his defensive prod
down the track , but BOWLER perhaps spotted him and the batsman ends up almost yorking himself outside legstump . The ball trickles into the gully region
and mixing it up nicely , this one had the length pulled back from the full one and was on middle and leg , ends up tucking him up as he tries to clip it square
slants it wide of BATTER , who has a go at the drive from around the 7th stump , gets an inside edge to midwicket
fuller on the stumps , defended solidly
better length and gets some movement across the batsman too , beats the outside edge . Feet rooted in place as he attempted to punch on the up
pulls the length back and gets it on the leg stump , bunted towards cover
and slips in the yorker , but the batsman does well to jam his bat down in time . Swung in late too , into the blockhole
stump to stump on a length defended back with a straight bat
good length in the channel , left alone
oooh , nice . Slanting it across him and the angle takes it away , defeats an ambitious drive . Not so far from the outside edge that one
gets it fuller and outside off now , thick inside edge to cover off an attempted flat drive
short ball , 90mph outside off and KOB misses with an attempted cut
pace off , ballooning from back of a length outside off , BATTER again fails to connect with a wild hack
full in the channel , not quite landed the yorker but KOB swings and misses at this one
gets this right again , full and out towards the tramlines as the batsman swipes and misses
full and wide , 83mph/134kph and BATTER flails at it unsuccessfully
BOWLER finishes with a slowie that KOB heaves at , does n't land a glove on it
another back-of-the-hander , BATTER stands stock still , fails to connect again
slower ball , 70mph on a length outside off and BATTER tries a reverse-scoop-cum-ramp , misses entirely
full , 84mph/135kph and BATTER clears the front leg , smacks it straight back as BOWLER sticks out a boot
tossed up , straightening on the stumps , hit on the back leg ... BOWLER loves it , but the appeal is turned down by Martin Saggers ! England review , that was almost certainly hitting , but did it pitch in line ? No ! Big-spinning legbreak , but too much drift to bring lbw into play
full toss , 88mph and wide of the off stump as he backs away and flails hard , misses out again
full , 86mph/138kph and curving in as BATTER goes across and attempts to lap it fine , does n't connect ... misses leg stump by a few inches
flighted , slightly leg side and nudged off the strip , FIELDER goes scampering after it
flighted , goes for the reverse-sweep but ca n't get the ball away
legbreak tossed up on off , defended with a big stride
tossed up , BATTER pushes stiffly forwards , sends the ball uppishly back towards BOWLER ... does n't quite carry
pushed through , tapped back down the track
looped up on the stumps , prodded back to the bowler
back of a length , outside off , cut hard to point . A precious dot ball
flicked to midwicket , intercepted with a dive
flogged from a steady stance into the covers
bottom-handed biff , to mid-on . A tidier over from
marches across the stumps for a pre-meditated sweep . Misses out , but is denied the wide due to his shuffling as the ball skids past leg stump
punched on the up , into the covers
a flat-footed flash outside off , as BOWLER finds the outswinger on a good length once more
more conventionally pushed to the off side . Seven off the over . That 'll do
tossed up , good length , tapped back to the bowler
clipped firmly to short midwicket
tapped to the off side to tick off another over
whoosh ! In the slot once more , shape away from the bat , BATTER committed to the front-foot launch ... and missed everything
skidding through a touch lower on a middle and leg line , solid in defence if a touch hurried
on the back foot , solid block . FIELDER mutters something in Yorkshirese about boundaries ...
BOWLER 's got the ball curling nicely at the back end of that over . Solid block to the off side
drags his length back and draws a respectful jab of the wrists back down the line of the ball
lots of air to finish , dipping on a good length outside off , pressed to mid-off . Tidy , but well negotiated over
banged in short , that 's a sharp delivery , skidding over BATTER 's crouching stance
on the back foot , open-faced drive into the covers , looking to place the ball through the field but missing the gap this time
full face of the bat , pushing a length delivery up to mid-on
just outside off , driven nicely again but straight to cover
driven on the up , Sterling could have caught it and he moves just out of the way before mid-on dives to his left and saves a few
accurate delivery on middle and leg , he defends it to leg with a straight bat
right on the stumps this time , BATTER had a high back lift for the pull but it was n't short enough . Blocks it back
a big heave , a big miss , an appeal from somewhere but it did n't take anything on the way to the keeper
length delivery outside off , driven straight to cover
low full toss and it 's driven down straight to mid-off
accurate again on off stump , he defends it to cover
on length on off , he punches it back
outside off again and nudged to point off the back foot
a bouncer and he ducks under it
loud appeal for lbw as it 's headed for the block hole but there 's hardly any discussion for a review after the umpire rules it not out . Looks like bat first then . Oh , replays show not pad at all !
slightly shorter , big heave form BATTER but he misses !
angling in nicely towards the stumps , he defends it back with a straight bat
goes at it with hard hands , only gets an inside edge onto his leg
angling in from length towards off stump , he defends solidly
slow off cutter , pretty wide and he slices it to short third man
half-tracker but it turns a fair bit from leg to middle and BATTER defends it back
just around off and pushed to cover this time
googly coming into the batsman , worked to midwicket
goes on the back foot and defends the short of length ball back
right in the block hole , BATTER blocks it out to cover
more flight , this time on leg , and BATTER has n't seen it properly . Gets an edge through his legs to short fine leg
bit of flight on leg , BATTER helps it to midwicket with a bit of a lean
shouts of `` catch '' as BATTER wants to slam it away , but finds mid off after a couple of bounces
targets the stumps now , BATTER pushes it to mid-on
makes him hop this time on the back foot and BATTER steers it to point
pokes and misses this time outside off , for the scrambled seam delivery
on length outside off , he pushes to cover
back in the crease and defends it back , that 's a maiden
tries the big sweep against the turn from outside off , does n't connect at all
goes on the back foot this time to cover the stumps and taps it towards short third man
that looked like a google from a little wide of the crease , BATTER blocks it back
much fuller outside off , he digs it out to mid off
turning away from outside off , helped to short third man
his back lift for the length delivery , ends up defending to cover
a half-hearted kind of lbw appeal as BATTER lunges forward and is struck around the knee roll but a one way down and probably towards leg
on middle and leg , he defends it back
tossed up and met on the front foot
flighted , this spins into the pads as BATTER looks to punch down the ground
quicker on the stumps and tucked to midwicket
tossed up above the eyeline and BATTER has a big yahoo across the line ... FIELDER nudges of the bails , but the back foot was grounded
flighted legbreak , BATTER is back and cuts to backward point
floated up around off stump , possibly the googly and BATTER misses as he sweeps , half an appeal for lbw - looked outside the line to me
tossed up on the stumps
fired in straight at 80mph and BATTER pushes this towards mid-on
flat outside off , BATTER goes back and is beaten attempting to cut
darted on middle and off , BATTER reaches around his front pad to block
pitched up and steered towards point as he comes across
length , 79mph/127kph outside off , BATTER tries to force it square and gets a thick inside edge
tossed up , some grip for BOWLER , this spins back to hit the front pad with BATTER rooted in the crease ... turning too much , I think , Mo not inclined to review
fullish and driven back to the bowler
floated up and worked to midwicket
dots down his offbreak , turned to leg with the spin
length , 78mph and pushed into the off side , extra cover comes across
fullish and driven along the carpet to mid-off
length ball , 82mph/132kph and defended coming forwards
length ball , 86mph/138kph on middle and off , BATTER defends diligently
on the stumps , tapped into the off side as the bottom hand comes through
short outside off , 88mph/141kph - BOWLER really has put on a yard - swing and a miss from
good length , 87mph/139kph and punched meatily but straight to straight to cover
back of a length and blocked into the covers
89mph/143kph , BATTER comes across and defends square on the off side
length ball on off , 87mph/139kph and he steps away , toe-ends a drive into the covers
better line , BATTER is cramped trying to cut and fails to connect
length ball , fourth-stump line and tapped down into the off side
slightly back of a length outside off , 88mph/141kph and zipping through as BATTER carves himself another slice of fresh air
length on off , defended with an open face towards point
short and skiddy , 87mph and it 's on him quicker than expected , BATTER tries to pull and misses as the ball zips past his right pocket
back of a length , 86mph/138kph outside off and BATTER crumps a drive to backward point
angled across , tempter on a length outside off and BATTER wafts without success
beats him on the inside , full and thudding into the front pad ... pitched outside leg ? Muted appeal from the England players
length outside off , bat on ball for BATTER as he taps into the covers
short in the channel , 86mph and he swishes unsuccessfully , hands well away from the body again
back of a length , shaping away as BATTER has a little nibble
back of a length in the channel , 84mph/135kph and BATTER watches it through outside off
length , rising around off stump , stabbed to backward point
length ball , pushed into the covers
beautiful line again , 87mph and BATTER fishes for it half forward , past the outside edge again
excellent length , 86mph/139kph and beats BATTER 's checked push from the crease
full and wide from over the wicket , BATTER has a mighty moose and fails to connect
good length , 85mph on the stumps and BATTER fronts up , defends to the off side
back of a length , 86mph/138kph around off , stunned towards cover this time
bit of width , angling across as BATTER frees the arms but fails to connect
fullish and swinging a fraction on off , BATTER comes forward to block
moves across to off yet again , and smart bowling there from BOWLER . Wide and just short of yorker length which BATTER ca n't connect with
too full and wide outside off , BATTER goes after it and Ireland want to review this for caught behind ! Not out , there 's absolutely nothing there as BATTER moves to off and goes down on a knee to drive , but no connection at all
defends the length ball outside off and gets an inside edge to leg
pretty straight around off , he defends it back
just outside off , pulled straight to midwicket now
bit short outside off and he finds point
nice use of the angle , takes it away from BATTER , who pokes and misses the length ball
bit of forward lean and BATTER defends it back
makes room , BOWLER replies with a slower delivery that follows him and goes between the batsman and the stumps . Clever
shortish outside off , pushes to cover and says no for the single
considers the upper cut for the short ball but lets it go finally , the short ball
short ball just outside off , BATTER lets it go
on length outside off and he defends it
accurate yorker there ! Angling in sharply and BATTER digs it out to cover
full outside off and he drills it straight to cover
big swing outside off , looked like an edge that went off the keeper 's pad to short third man . Was probably the sound of bat hitting the ground
good reply , tight line around off and BATTER defends into the off side
slower outside off , he waits and then steers straight to point
another dot ball as BATTER swings the slightly wider ball and misses
just outside off and he defends
leans forward and pushes the ball back
slower ball beats him and goes towards slip off the chest , BATTER wants a single but is quickly sent back !
ah , so close ! BATTER saw the ball outside off and poked , but the ball shaped away to beat him
more flight and BATTER takes a step down to flick towards long-on , but midwicket dives to his left and saves one
forward lean and blocks it back
bit of lack of bounce outside off , lack of pace for sure , and BATTER chases and misses
pretty straight around off and he defends it back to
slow through the air , BATTER waits and defends it back
flighted and full around off , he drives with hard hands but manages an inside edge onto his foot
slower one to end the over , pitches it on length outside off , BATTER waits for it to arrive and is beaten by the lack of pace
outside off on length again , pushed to cover point this time
tad fuller and closer to off , he drives to mid-off now
drives and misses ! It 's that nagging line and length outside off . Accurate stuff from BOWLER , makes BATTER drive and he does n't connect
bangs it in a bit short on middle , BATTER hops and defends
quick legbreak on the stumps , he goes back and defends in front of the stumps
comes down the pitch to make it a a full toss and drives to mid-off
flighted full toss , driven straight to cover
stays back and defends this one into the covers too and that 's a wicket maiden
tad closer to the batsman and he punches to cover this time
swing and a miss ! Wider outside off , there 's a slip in place too and BATTER dangerously chases and misses
outside off on good length , he defends it back
length delivery around off and BATTER blocks it in copy-book fashion
flighted on middle and off , BATTER pushes it back to the bowler
much slower on leg , pushed to midwicket
comes down and swings it down to mid-on after the bowler gets a hand to it
tossed up on off , pretty full , and blocked with a forward lean
tight lines , 82mph/132kph and he shows it a straight bat
fired in on the stumps , good length and BATTER covers up in defence
good length on off , defended down towards backward point
full outside off , 83mph/134kph and tailing in a touch , driven back to the bowler
skidding on , BATTER goes right back in the crease , jabs down on it late
slides this one on , full outside off and BATTER has a hack , fails to connect as it skids into the gloves
over the wicket , looped up and he defends with bat next to pad
length on off , 84mph/135kph and defended to the on side , BOWLER hares across ... completes a wicket-maiden
length ball , BATTER is across on off stump , shows it a straight bat
fuller , brings him forward outside off , defended square
back of a length on the stumps , BATTER shows it a straight bat
round the wicket , short of a length and defended towards gully
full toss , clipped straight to midwicket half forward
floated up , BATTER taps into the covers
loopy delivery , BATTER fences at it , gloves in front of slip ! Very nearly done for first ball
back of a length , stabbed down into the off side
length , BATTER is across and pats his first ball into the off side
back of a length outside off , mistimed into the covers
good length ball , 83mph on off stump and BATTER shows it a straight bat
plopped full , BATTER pushes it back down the track
flattish legbreak delivered from over the wicket , bounces a it on BATTER as he hangs back
comes across to block on off
comes across , 82mph/132kph and pushed towards midwicket
back of a length outside off , BATTER swings at it and misses
round the wicket , BATTER gets into line
touch wider , bit of dip as BATTER steps across and defends into the covers
fired in quicker and tapped to leg
darted on middle and leg , worked to the on side
pushed back down the track
angled in and BATTER pushes it away coming across
flat on the stumps and patted away
comes across his stumps and taps back down the track
tight line around off stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat
tossed up on the stumps and he sweeps , sends the ball to backward square leg
tucked into the leg side , BATTER was coming but BATTER quickly sent him back
tossed up and punched to mid-off
shortish outside off , swing and a miss
BATTER takes a step down , 83mph/135kph and driven back to the bowler
length ball , clipped towards point
floated up , BATTER drives into the turf and BOWLER fields to his right
tapped back to the bowler
floated up outside off , BATTER attempts to reverse-sweep but loses it between his pads
pushed through wide , 84mph/135kph and BATTER lets it go
pitched up , presses out and defends
similar line , BATTER ca n't quite reach it , anchored to the crease ... just inside the tramlines this time
pushed through , BATTER defends back down the track
flatter on the stumps and tapped to leg
round the wicket to the lefty , tucked to leg
nice and straight on off and middle , BATTER blocks it back
on middle and leg again , worked straight to midwicket this time
tighter line and BATTER punches it on off again
hint of room outside off and he crunches it to mid off
back of length outside off , punches it straight to point
pretty tight on middle and leg , worked to midwicket
gives a bit of charge and slashes but finds cover point
back of length around off , BATTER stays back and blocks
gives it the charge and adjusts after seeing the length , punches it to short cover
BATTER cuts on the off side , a dive to his right from the cover point fielder saves a few
another short ball , another pull , but this one much straighter and finds mid-on after a couple of bounces
tad straighter and BATTER drives it down to mid off this time
swing and a miss ! Outside off on length , BATTER drives and misses it
drives outside off , gets a thick edge and it reaches first slip after a bounce or two
tighter on middle stump , BATTER helps it to midwicket
beaten outside off ! Pretty wide and angling away further , BATTER chases with a swing and misses
on length on off , BATTER pushes it back down the ground
bouncer for BATTER and he ducks under it
back of length on off , BATTER stays back and defends it back
too full and wide now , BATTER chases without moving his front foot much and misses
length delivery going away with the angle , he lets it go
nice and full , driven straight to short cover
tries to pull this short one too but it bounces just over the bat
better length this time , forces BATTER to stay back and he defends it back
back of a length around fourth stump , punched square
big change-up this time , slower ball outside off stump , left alone
touch shorter , think that was a cutter from BOWLER , BATTER plinks it towards mid-off without timing
defended on off stump
hangs this out wide of the stumps from over the wicket , BATTER watches it by
in the channel , good length , 85mph/137kph and he lets this one go through
tighter line , this nips back to hit high up on the leg - thigh pad I think , only a strangled appeal
85mph , pitched up and defended on the front foot
lets this one go in the channel


pushes the length ball gently to cover
almost in the block hole and BATTER has to get his front foot out of the way to on-drive it to mid on
stay back in the crease and defends this length ball too on off
pushes sit down the ground this time
in the block hole with some outswing just outside off , BATTER digs it out and wants a quick single but he 's sent back immediately
nips it in a bit from just outside off and BATTER blocks it back
tight line outside off , not much movement and he lets it go
much straighter now on length and he flicks it confidently to mid-on
nice and tight outside off , just short of length and BATTER lets it go
bit of a forward lean and he defends the length ball to the leg side
more on the stumps now and BATTER defends it towards mid-on
82mph/132kmh , nice and outside off this time , much better line . BATTER watches it go to the keeper
good length , wide outside off , and the slower ball goes under his bat . Misses the wild leg-side swipe
another slower ball , wide outside off , but just inside the tram lines as BATTER misses the cut .
slower ball , wide outside off , and the ball stays quite low . Through to the keeper again
back of a length , outside off , enough width to cut but BATTER 's beaten by the lack of pace . On the bounce to
yorker length , just outside off , and BATTER ca n't connect . That was really close to the off stump
back of a length , slower ball , BATTER lets it go thinking it would be a wide for height . Not given
yorker length , on middle and leg . Struck right back , past the bowler , to mid off
full toss outside off , and begging to be hit , but he misses the swing One bounce to
full outside off , and he goes for a wild cross-batted slog . Misses
full outside off from around the wicket . BATTER goes for a wild cross-batted heave but misses the shot altogether
good length , outside off and turning away . Cut , but finds cover
full on off , and he comes down the wicket to drive . One bounce to the bowler
full and wide , and he toe-ends a drive back to the bowler
full and wide , and he comes down the wicket but is beaten by the line that is too far from him
full on leg , and hits his front leg as BATTER misses the flick . But the ball would 've missed leg stump and so the appeal is turned down
full , on off , nearly a yorker . Defended back . Three maidens in his 3 for 26
good length on off and angling into middle . Fended straight back
back of a length , on leg , and he half-attempts the pull . Ball goes over his shoulder and they appeal for caught behind but there was absolutely no bat involved
full on middle , and he presses forward to defend . Bat-padded and that keeps BOWLER interested for an lbw appeal . Not given and they do n't review
good length , on middle and angling in . Fended off the back foot
full outside off from around the wicket . Driven to cover
fuller than usual , and he toe-ends the drive back to
full , just outside off , and drilled off the front foot to cover
full on off , and tapped to mid off
full on off , and defended softly
back of a length on middle , and angling down leg , but the umpire does n't call this wide .
back of a length , outside off , and left alone
low full toss while attempting the yorker . Struck back , and BOWLER dives to stop . May have tweaked a muscle in his leg .

good length , on off , and he comes down the wicket to tap it to cover
skiddy length ball on off , but turning away . He tries to sweep again , but misses , and hits his front leg , but impact is outside off
faster , just outside off , slightly full , and the ball goes past off stump before he could get his bat down
full toss ish , on off , and smacked to cover
full on off , and he check drives down the ground but ca n't beat mid on
looks to work this ball to the leg side but a leading edge takes it to the other side
BOWLER around the wicket , full on off and worked to midwicket
good length , just outside off . Walks forward to defend from near his chest
good length , on off , and skidding in . Defended off the back foot
length ball , inside-edged into the pads . BOWLER bellows out an appeal , but almost certainly bat first , and there 's no suggestion of a review
length ball angling in from wide on the crease , nudged towards Mitch FIELDER , diving to his left at short midwicket . BATTER and BATTER both thought about the single , but eventually decided against it
hard length on fourth stump , guided to point again by
length on fifth stump , 88mph/142kph , and steered towards point
length outside off , BATTER swings and misses at it looking to pull
how did that miss ? ! Length ball , looked like an offcutter from BOWLER , which flew just over the top of middle-and-leg as BATTER was through the shot early
beaten outside off ! Beauty in the channel , and BATTER ' hopeful grope only manages to connect with thin air
length in the channel outside off , BATTER flashes cross-batted and ca n't lay bat on it
banged in on a length , BATTER defends from the crease
beauty from BOWLER ! Great comeback , hint of seam movement and good bounce from wide on the crease to take it past the outside edge
slightly fuller length , and BATTER works towards short midwicket
loud appeal ... not really sure what for ? Australia wo n't review . Nipped in a fraction from a length and struck BATTER above the knee from a long way down the pitch as he looked to work to leg . No sign of an inside edge , so it must have been an lbw shout , and Hawk-Eye confirms it struck outside the line
length ball on fourth stump , BATTER shapes to pull but only manages to bottom edge into his front knee . Did n't quite get up off the pitch
banged in on a length , little inside-edge into the back thigh and it drops down at his feet
fullish on off stump , BATTER looks to sweep but only manages to get a glove on it , and it dribbles pathetically into the leg side
goes for a huge mow on the slog-sweep , and it misses everything ! Legbreak which turned sharply past the bat , and past the off stump
steered towards gully , BATTER sets off for a single but is sent back
gets his head over this , nudging to cover
struck on the pad while sweeping , BOWLER pleads with Millns who says no yet again ! And FIELDER wo n't review this time . BATTER got a long way across to the googly , and it probably hit him outside the line on the front pad EDIT : Hawk-Eye confirms it struck outside the line , and BATTER was too far down the pitch , too
fullish on off stump , presses out to extra cover
guided to point with an open face , tidy start for
length ball , from tight to the stumps , and BATTER inside-edges into his pads looking to play an on-drive
shuffles down to a back-of-a-length ball , nudging to midwicket
length on off stump , steered straight to point with an open face
straight length ball , nudged to short midwicket
full and straight , BATTER presents a straight bat and defends
googly on a length , pushed through quickly at 58mph/94kph and BATTER defends awkwardly from deep in the crease
skips down the pitch to a length ball , defending to cover
lunges forward to defend back towards the bowler
googly hits the pads , prolonged appeal and Australia review this time as Millns says no ! Height might be an issue here ? Ultra-Edge confirms no bat involved . Impact in-line , but just missing the top of leg stump !
hard length , defended back down the pitch by
length ball , 88mph/142kph , and gloved towards the covers as BATTER looks to defend
fullish in the off-stump channel , dead-batted towards cover
gets down to sweep again as BOWLER fires it through a little quicker . Ca n't beat the man in the ring on the 45
gets across to the off side to sweep , struck on the pad and Australia appeal ... but Millns says no ! And there 's no review . Outside the line , I think
yorker , dug out to short midwicket
short ball , 87mph/139kph , BATTER backs away shaping to cut and flashes at thin air
length ball pushed across him , driven to Mitch FIELDER at mid-on
length ball angling across him , 86mph/138kph , and defended by
worked out to wide mid-on , straight to the fielder
full , on off , and fended with a giant stride
appeal for lbw as he delivers the googly . Full on off , and turning inwards , and hitting his front leg . Appeal turned down and they do n't review
good length , just outside off , and cut to point , but not into the gap this time
full toss outside off , and he clubs a pull to midwicket
good length , outside off , and cut to point . Ca n't find the gap though
good length , on off , and angling in . Defended off the back foot , and it rolls back to the bowler
fullish , outside off , and the attempted punch gets inside-edged to the leg side
BOWLER still going strong . Good length on off , and angling in , and the ball goes between bat and body as it zoots inwards at the very end . Through to FIELDER , who needs to dive to his left
full outside off , and he clatters a drive , that founds cover
brave of BATTER to shoulder his arms . This was full just outside off , and he would 've been bowled or lbw if BOWLER had bowled the googly
good length , on leg stump , and he tries to pull along the ground , but the ball hits his thighs instead
back of a length , on leg stump , and once again he gets under the line of the ball . The umpire sticks out two fingers .. not the peace sign from him , he 's letting BOWLER know that 's two bouncers
back of a length , on middle , and he drops under the ball 's line
full on off , and crunched past BATTER ! Has four written all over it , except that FIELDER dives to his left from mid off to stop the boundary
full on off , and driven to mid off . Straight to the fielder
FIELDER and FIELDER appeal for caught behind but the bowler is n't interested and they do n't review . This cut the batsman in half as the length ball angled in and went between bat and body ... very nearly clipped leg stump too
back of a length , on off . Tries to pull , but through the shot too early . Hits his shoulder
good length , outside off , and punched off the back foot with the bat 's open face to point
fullish , just outside off , and he skewers a drive to cover
good length ball , outside off and angling into off stump . Fended off the back foot
good length outside off , and he defends with soft hands towards cover
leading edge but along the ground . Tries to nudge this to the leg side but the ball flies to point instead
fullish , just outside off . Presses forward to play a check drive , but goes past the outside edge
that 's a third wicket ! Unless ... aha .. BATTER reviews . This was a length ball outside off that stayed low , hits BATTER on the front leg on middle stump , and the replays show this would 've gone down leg side ! Good review , BATTER survives , and that 's the end of 10 overs
good length , on off , and he defends this to the leg side
back of a length , on off . Tries to pull , but under-edges the shot onto his ribs . Ouch !
back of a length , outside off and angling into him . Through to the keeper as BATTER shoulders his arms
full on off , and he goes towards the off side to try and drive through mid on , but he inside-edges the shot onto his pads
back of a length , on off , and angling further away . Left alone
good length , on off , and angling away . Nudged off the back foot to cover
full , on middle , and the on-drive squirts away to mid on
good length , on middle , and defended off the back foot
good length , on off , and he shoulders his arms and the ball goes over the stumps
good length , on middle . Inside-edged onto his pads , and rolls away to the off side
full on off , and fended with soft hands
fullish , just outside off , and pushed to the off side
back of a length , on off , and fended off the back foot
good length , outside off , and the attempted back-foot jab takes an inside edge to mid off instead
good length , outside off , and guided off the back foot to point
good length , on the fourth-stump line and BATTER is happy to just defend off the back foot
good length on middle , and he rocks back to fend off the back foot
good length , outside off , and BATTER goes onto the back foot to punch , but the ball goes under his bat
full , on middle , and driven straight just past the stumps , but FIELDER does well to cut the ball from mid on and ensure the pressure remains on
full , just outside off , and BATTER presses forward to defend from under his eyes . But the ball moves slightly away , and just goes past the outside edge
back of a length , just outside off , and left alone
good length on leg , and tickled off his hips to square leg
good from bowler and batsman as the pinpoint short ball sees BATTER drop his knees and duck under the delivery
back of a length on off , and angling away again . This time the punch finds cover , with Maxi diving to his right
good length , outside off and angling away . Wants to cut but makes no connection . A tad extra bounce this time
full on off , and defended off the front foot . Straight back to BOWLER , but along the ground , unlike the BATTER dismissal
good length , just outside off , a bit of shape away . BATTER looks to defend off the back foot but the ball goes through to the keeper
back of a length , bit of extra bounce and BATTER has to defend from near his chest
good length on middle , and BATTER comes down the wicket to try and muscle it over BATTER 's head , but the ball goes through bat and body and into FIELDER 's gloves
back of a length , outside off , and he opens the bat 's face to punch a bit squarer . Finds cover point though
good length , outside off , kinda close to his body for the cut , but goes for it anyway . Misses , and shall be glad that did n't take a tickle to the keeper
pushes it slightly further up , on off , and pushed off the front foot to mid off , but to the fielder
back of a length on middle , and getting big on YJB as he tries to go for the pull . Ball goes over his blade though .
good length , on middle , and he closes the bat 's face to turn it leg side
full ball , but pushes it wider , forcing BATTER to drive , but he ca n't connect . BOWLER searching for the swing there , but did n't get any
full , and slightly wide , allowing YJB to free his arms . Crunches a drive , but stopped by mid off scurrying to his left
full on off , and he walks into a front foot defense
through him ! Good length outside off , and coming into off stump . BATTER wants to defend off the back foot but the ball zoots inwards and goes between bat and body
full , just outside off , and he takes a big stride to cover off stump , and then shoulders his arms
good length , on off , and defended off the back foot , with the bat 's open face . BATTER wants the run , but third slip runs across to end that thought
full on off , and he looks to play the straight drive but it makes a weird hollow sound off the bat ( a sign of a mistime ) as the ball rolls away to mid off
that 's five dot balls .
length ball on off , and angling further away . Enough room to free his arms to clatter a cut but ca n't get bat on ball . A lucky escape for BOWLER , one could say
full , on off , and he taps this tentatively off the front foot to mid off
nice shape ! Good length on off , and getting big on him . Nearly takes the outside edge to the keeper
full , just inside the tramlines and left alone by the batsman
slower ball bouncer again , BATTER looks for another wild , cross-batted heave and ca n't get any bat on it
back of a length , offcutter , and BATTER is through the shot very early , trying to heave into the leg side
full , quick and wide outside off , BATTER clears the front leg to give himself room but ca n't lay a bat on it
slower ball , BATTER backs away looks to slash over the infield on the off side but ca n't lay a bat on it , and FIELDER makes an excellent one-handed diving stop
slower ball - knuckleball , I think - and BATTER is through the shot early looking to guide it through the off side
banged into the pitch , BATTER ca n't lay a glove on it
ooft , nearly another chop-on . Length outside off , BATTER inside-edges into the pad , and it dribbles out towards the covers . BOWLER races after it in his follow-through as BATTER sets off for a single , before he 's sent back by
back of a length on fourth stump , BATTER jumps onto the back foot to defend
short outside off , BATTER drops the hands and lets it go
fullish on fourth stump , BATTER lunges forward to defend
clipped to wide mid-on , ca n't beat the fielder
back of a length outside off , ca n't beat the fielder at point
offcutter on the stumps , BATTER nudges towards midwicket
length on the stumps , defended back to the bowler
pushed out towards extra cover
straight length ball from tight to the stumps , ca n't beat straight midwicket
nudged towards midwicket
length ball that would have hit the top of off stump , defended towards mid-on . Tight over !
banged in on a length , 91mph/146kph , and rushes BATTER . He looks to work to leg , but is struck on the thigh pad , and it loops up tantalisingly , dropping just in front of him
slightly full of a length , 91mph/147kph , and pushed out towards mid-on
beaten outside off . 92mph/147kph on a length , rushing BATTER , who jams the bat down on it late
full on off stump , thumped straight to FIELDER at short extra cover
back of a length , outside off . Punched away off the back foot
beaten by the pace ! Back of a length , and he swivels to pull , but the ball goes through him before he could swing the bat across his face
full on middle , and the attempted cover drive takes an inside edge to square leg instead
good length , on leg stump . Defended with soft hands towards the non striker
full , on off . Stretches forward to defend with soft hands
full on middle , and he reaches forward to drive to cover point
good length , on off , and tapped off the back foot to cover
full , and wide , and the square cut is played along the ground to point
back of a length , on off and angling into middle . Fended off the back foot , from near his tummy abs . He expected the ball to rise further up
back of a length , rapping him hard on the top of the bat as BATTER tries to fend off the back foot
full , on middle . Defended straight back
full , on middle . Tapped to the bowler 's left
full on leg , with BATTER offering an open stance . Tucked to short fine leg
back of a length , on middle , and rising over his shoulder .
good length , on middle . Tapped back to mid on
full , and wide , in the slot to be punished . But mistimed to cover
full on leg , and the googly takes it further down leg . Misses the bat , and the lbw appeal is turned down
full on middle , and the attempted defense off the front foot comes off the bat 's inside half . Rolls towards mid on

back of a length , on off and fended off the back foot
jaffa from Jof . Good length , on off , and moving slightly away as BATTER looks to defend . Ball whizzes past his outside edge
back of a length , short on off , and he ducks under it . Bat is upwards though , which is n't good hygiene . Could 've hit that and popped up in the air
full on middle , and the straight drive finds mid on
back of a length , but not short enough . Rides the bounce to defend
full on off , and a bit of turn away . Defended towards cover
full on middle , and he wants to play the chip drive but eventually just hits it back to
nice delivery , full on off and skidding through . Giant stride forward to defend
good length , knuckle ball outside off . He 's through the drive too early so needs to adjust at the last moment while giving the bat a push . Hits the top half of the bat , but he ensures he plays with soft hands so that the ball does n't pop up into the air

back of a length , on off , and punched right back to the bowler
back of a length , just outside off , and he rides the bounce to tap it towards point
another nicely tossed up ball , this time on off . Driven straight back
full , just outside off , and defended with a big stride
defended
fullish , on off , and fended off the back foot . BOWLER 's economy under six for the first time
bit of a quicker one , drags it short , on mdidle , and angling into leg . BATTER tries to pull , but finds short fine leg
fullish , outside off but BATTER goes onto the back foot to meet the ball . Pushed to cover
another loopy ball , offering BATTER to take the drive route , and he does , but flies off the inside-splice to mid on instead
half tracker on middle , and googling down the leg side . Flicked , but finds short fine leg
full on off , and pushed to mid on . Ca n't find the gap
back of a length , outside off . Punched back to BOWLER after walking across
full on off , and pushed back
full on middle , and defended
good length , on off , and turning away from the lefty . Tries to guide it past the keeper but pulls his bat back at the end
good length , on middle . Punched with soft hands towards the non-striker
good length , outside off . Uncomfortable stride forward , and defended to cover
good length ball , and tucked to midwicket
good length , on off . Turning away and punched off the back foot to mid off
good length , outside off , and he tries to cut but misses
full on off , and he defends the legbreak back to BOWLER . Nice flourish of the bat .
full , just outside off . Big stride forward to defend back to the bowler
good length , on off . Skids back and fends to mid on on this occasion
back of a length , and he comfortably gets behind the line of the ball to block
good length , fifth stump line , and he tiptoes before shouldering his arms on this occasion
fullish , just outside off . Pushed with soft hands to the off side
good length , just outside off , and tapped off the back foot to
good length on off , and he rocks back to punch to mid on
length on fifth stump , fenced out towards gully
fuller on fifth stump , nudged towards mid-on . 92mph/147kph
a fraction back of a length on fourth stump , 89mph/144kph , and nudged towards mid-on
beaten outside off ! 89mph/144kph in the channel , BATTER defends with his bat away from his pad and the ball flies past the outside edge
gets forward to push back down the pitch towards
big appeal for lbw , but hits him outside the line as BATTER gets over to the off side . Slightly full of a length , turning in , and looped up to FIELDER at slip - but no inside edge
beauty , slightly full of a length as BATTER comes forward to defend , and finds himself pushing at thin air as this flies past his edge
slammed in at 88mph/142kph , BATTER jams the bat down to punch towards cover
length on fifth stump , steered towards backward point
length on off stump , clipped to short midwicket where FIELDER fields
drags his length back a touch , punched out towards cover with a bellow of `` NO RUN ! ''
BATTER plants his back foot across towards the off side , BOWLER hangs another one in the channel and he leaves alone
length on sixth stump , BATTER shuffles across then leaves alone
fullish on fourth stump , presses out to mid-on where FIELDER dives to his left to cut it off
length outside off , left alone . Bit of late tail in on its way through to FIELDER . 90mph/145kph
driven towards mid-on , loud cry of `` WAITING ! '' from BATTER . 92mph/148kph from
lunges forward to a fuller ball in the channel , pushing straight to extra cover
length ball on middle , defended to that man in tight on the leg side
length on the stumps , defended towards mid-on from deep in the crease . 90mph/146kph , rushing BATTER into a shot
sharp bouncer at the left shoulder , BATTER ducks underneath it . 90mph/145kph
slower ball outside off , driven out to mid-off . Looked like he ran his fingers down the side of it , with his pace down at 77mph/124kph
hung outside off at 88mph/142kph , BATTER shoulders arms and it flies through to FIELDER again
fullish on off stump , pressed out towards short cover
length on fourth stump , BATTER defends towards mid-on
length on fourth stump , 83mph/133kph and a bit of nibble in off the seam . BATTER leaves it alone and grimaces as it flies just past the off stump !
fullish on fourth stump , driven out to straight mid-off
straight , length ball , pushed towards mid-on
sharp bumper at the left shoulder , 91mph/146kph . BATTER does n't take on the hook this time and ducks underneath it
slightly fuller , bowled from tight to the stumps and an immaculate fourth-stump line . BATTER has no choice but to defend
short and wide , BATTER misses out looking to cut , failing to beat the man at cover
drags his length back a touch , BATTER steers towards point , jumping onto the back foot
hard length , BATTER rocks back to nudge towards midwicket on the back foot
outswinger on the pads , clipped out towards short midwicket . Half-baked appeal from FIELDER , but two noises , and looked like it pitched outside leg to me
hard length , flies through to FIELDER with good carry
hung outside off , BATTER leaves this alone
back of a length outside off at 86mph/138kph , flies off the surface through to FIELDER as BATTER leaves it alone
short ball , BATTER leans awkwardly over towards the off side to get out the way of it . 85mph/137kph
fullish length ball , clipped to short midwicket
outswinger on a length , jammed out towards cover
outswinger , hung outside off again ; and again , BATTER flashes and misses
hung wide of the off stump , loose waft from BATTER who ca n't get bat on it
length ball , late swing past the stumps as BATTER leaves it alone , and FIELDER fumbles diving to his right
BATTER defends more confidently this time , pressing out towards mid-off
beauty ! Beaten , groping at an away-nibbler on fourth stump . Length ball at 87mph/141kph , BATTER presses forward and it beats his outside edge
back of a length , flies through off the pitch at 86mph/139kph as BATTER pulls out of the flick to leg at the last minute
length ball just outside leg , nudged to forward square leg via the pad
length ball , bit of in-nip , and BATTER shoulders arms to let it fly over the top
pushed across BATTER at 84mph/136kph , no real bounce in the surface as it dribbles past the outside edge to FIELDER on the bounce
nibbling in on a length , steered out towards point
googly and he misses it ! Clearing his front leg to sweep that into oblivion , ca n't get bat on it with the google floated up on off and turning away
tries to drive , but no timing , and straight back down the pitch
floats up a fuller ball on the stumps , flicked to short midwicket
punchy drive but straight to extra cover . This was full and on middle , he made some room and connected well , but not in the gap
saw him backing away and he bowls a slower ball full and wide of off . BATTER ends up trying to reach for it and ca n't connect
length ball outside off , another big swipe across the line , takes the bottom edge off the end of the bat and bounces down
and he changes up from bowling it short and into him to bowling a yorker on the fifth stump . BATTER tries to get low and get bat on it but ca n't . Good , smart bowling
stepping away to make room again , but Same also follows him and he 's gone so far down leg that the ball beats his outside edge while going past leg-stump line
was backing away but BOWLER saw that and followed him , ends up inside-edging a drive towards square leg
swing and a miss . back of a length on the off stump and angling in , he clears his front leg to swipe across the line . Does n't connect . The ball goes over the stumps
fuller on off , punched to point
nice change-up , bouncer to end the over that passes over off stump , BATTER is not expecting that , tries to upper cut it but is too late on it
zips in on off stump again , and he offers a straight bat in defence
length ball nibbling in the off stump area , punches into cover
full on off , driven on the front foot , but short cover intercepts
hit on a hard length from wide of the crease around the wicket and straightening a touch , solid defence offered
fuller on off , pushed firmly to mid-off
back of a length outside off , no pace or bounce to work with , his push finds the toe-end of the bat hitting ball and it not travelling very far
length outside off , pushes it back to the bowler 's left
full and outside off again , defended into the offside again
fuller into him , defended to mid-off
full on the stumps and BATTER offers the full face of the bat to defend and keep out the hat-trick ball
length outside off , punched to mid-off
bounces a bit more than BATTER expects it to and he gets it high on the bat as it pops up . No short leg though and it lands there
length outside off , defended to cover on the front foot
beaten again , big stride out to defend but the ball spins past the bat
big spin again , pitched short of a length and spun across him , he stayed in his crease and followed the ball with his hands to defend
length outside off , defended
teasing loop , dips and grips to turn past the hopeful forward defensive prod
tossed up outside off , gets him to stretch forward and pat it in defence
length ball outside off , and pushed to mid-off
rapped on the pads but that 's going down . Angling into him , and he ca n't connect with the flick off his pads
back of a length angling in on off , tapped towards mid-on
hisses past the outside edge as BATTER is caught on the crease and poking at it . Keeps bat close to body though
length into him to tuck him up , patted towards short midwicket
big-spinning leg-break and BATTER was targetting cow corner with a big slog-sweep . Defeated completely
tossed up , ends as a full toss , but BATTER ca n't put it away . Patted tamely to mid-on
edge does n't carry to slip . Pushing down the wrong line again , the ball also straightened off a length on middle . But soft hands so the ball bounces well before reaching FIELDER at slip
full and on off , defended to cover
and BOWLER ends a fantastic day with the ball with a sharply jagging in delivery that hits BATTER on the thigh pad , defeating his back foot defence . Half an appeal but that was too high .
full , almost yorker length but solid in defence is
slower one , at just 77 mph , nipping into him . Just about defended by
length on off , defended on the front foot
short fast , and into his rib cage . BATTER was n't even looking at it just turned around into a half-hearted pull . The ball thuds into bat . It was ball hitting bat , not bat hitting ball . 91 mph
length on off , keeps a bit low , jams his bat down
ooh went a long way across , but got his bat in front of his pad and nudged it to midwicket
fuller outside off , goes to drive it , toe-ends it to short cover
length ball nipping in , defended from the crease
short ball in at the hip , BATTER prods awkwardly at it and thinks about one but is sent back by
slower ball on a length , steered straight to point with an open face
back of a length , BATTER rides the bounce and pushes into the covers
banged in on a length at 87mph/140kph , and steered towards cover-point
back of a length at 87mph/140kph , BATTER rides the bounce to guide into the covers
length on off stump , nudged to short extra cover
banged in on a length , cut out to point on the bounce where FIELDER fields
straight length ball , BATTER defends back down the pitch , jumping onto the back foot
slower ball , full on the stumps , and dug out towards mid-on . Might have been the knuckleball , dipped in late
wide on the crease , bold leave from BATTER as this keeps slightly low and nearly brushes his off stump ! Nearly made to look very silly
in the slot on the stumps , pushed uppishly towards mid-off on the bounce
beauty on a length in the channel which beats BATTER ! Fifth stump , on a length , and BATTER dangles his bat at it optimistically
length on sixth stump , BATTER jumps onto the back foot to punch it straight to short cover
short ball in at the ribs , 89mph/143kph , and BATTER wears one as he is late on the pull . Smashed him between the left pectoral and the biceps , and BATTER swears in pain
length ball on fourth stump , 88mph/141kph , and BATTER jams the bat down to defend with a yelp of `` no run ! ''
nudged defensively into the leg side
length ball on the stumps , clipped to wide mid-on
length ball on fifth stump , angling in and nipping away to beat BATTER 's outside edge , as he prods awkwardly at this away from his body
length on fifth stump , keeps a little low as BATTER jams the bat down to defend
fullish on fourth stump , BATTER pushes back towards BOWLER 's left hand
yorker on off stump at 87mph/141kph , dug out towards mid-on . BATTER is stung by some vibrations as that thuds into the toe
banged in , slightly full of a length at 86mph/138kph . BATTER inside-edges into the leg side , looking to play a checked drive
length ball on fourth stump at 85mph/137kph , which BATTER bravely leaves alone . It zips just past the top of off , vindicating his decision
tosses up a sharply-spun legbreak , which turns sharply away from the bat as BATTER looks to heave another boundary over long-on
legbreak , pushed out to cover but straight to the fielder
pace-on , slightly full of a length , and BATTER drops into the covers , where FIELDER races in to prevent a single
cross-seamer in at the pads , BATTER ca n't tuck it away and is struck high on the thigh pad
length ball from wide on the crease , nudged out to mid-off . Stifled appeal from FIELDER , as BATTER defended with bat and pad together
steered out to backward point on the back foot
sharply-spun legbreak , which turns past the bat as BATTER lunges forward . Brings his pace down , and rips it past the edge
length ball on fourth stump , clipped into the leg side . FIELDER fields at short midwicket to prevent the single , and fortunately for him there 's a man at mid-off to back up a wayward through to the bowler 's end
length on off stump , tickled to short midwicket
banged in on a length , BATTER nudges out to cover and thinks about a single , but then barks `` no , no , no ! '' as FIELDER fields . He hurls at the stumps at the bowler 's end , by which time BATTER has just about made his ground
legbreak , tossed up full and straight . BATTER presses out into the leg side ; `` waiting ...... no ! '' is the call
length ball pushed towards mid-off . BOWLER gets down like a cat off his own bowling
lebgreak , nudged defensively towards midwicket
cutter on a length , BATTER nudges into the leg side , jumping onto the back foot
banged in , back of a length , and BATTER jumps onto the back foot to defend . 83mph/134kph
beaten outside off ! Wide on the crease , looked like a cross-seamer from FIELDER and it moved away from BATTER 's defensive prod
length on fourth stump , defended back down the track
banged in on a length , BATTER rides the bounce and punches to cover on the edge of the ring
tight to the stumps , and FIELDER is very straight in line . BATTER defends
nudged defensively back towards the bowler , slightly short of a length
length ball nibbling away from the off stump . BATTER nudges into the covers
nagging line and length , pushed across the right-hander , who defends back to the bowler from off stump
comes down the pitch and struck on the pad as he looks to work to leg , BOWLER belts out an appeal but no dice . And no review . He was a long way down , and it might have hit outside the line ?
length on fourth stump , checked drive to short extra cover
fuller , driven to mid-off
fuller on middle and leg , patted to short midwicket
dies on FIELDER as it goes past off stump . Back of a length , cross-seam ball , he tries to cut it but it goes under his bat
yorker on middle stump , goes deep and drives to mid-off
length ball nipping back , stays in his crease and punches back to the bowler
fuller on off , defended towards mid-off
good ball to finish , turns sharply across him from a length on leg , defended
good length outside off , left alone
tight line on off , good length , steered to point . Still no single for
fuller on the pads , clipped away but straight to short midwicket
length on off , punched gently to cover
tossed up on off , steered to point
tossed up very full outside off , driven fluently but straight to cover
back of a length outside off , width on offer but hardly any bounce and he chops it into the covers
fuller outside off , driven to point
length on the stumps , no pace on the ball . Tapped to midwicket
length ball on the pads , tucked to midwicket
back of a length , outside off , pace off the ball , mistimes his cut as the ball trickles towards mid-off
fuller on off this time , 91 mph , and he gets his bat down in time to defend
length outside off , chopped towards point
another edge does n't carry . drops well short of point . BATTER is surprised by that one , bounces more off a length than he expected and takes the shoulder of the bat . He was n't going hard at it though so it does n't travel far
fuller on off , driven to cover
back of a length , BATTER was caught in two minds there and ended up a mite squared up , the edge plops down in front of him
length ball coming into him , blocked
length on the stumps , pushed back to the bowler
back of a length outside off , pushed tentatively towards point
oooh this is some serious wheels by BOWLER . Short ball in the channel and what a ball to get first up . He has to hurriedly drop his wrists and arch his back to let this go through .
outside edge falls just short of backward point . BATTER had no clue about that . Stuck on the back foot , and this is a length ball moving away , takes the splice and flies up . Just short
length on off , stays back and punches , but ca n't get past cover
fuller and into him , stands tall and on-drives . Mid-on fields
back of a length outside off , defended solidly
another shot ball that has BATTER hopping . This one is n't dug in as short , and it 's outside off , BATTER jabs at it with bat away from body and pushes to cover
fuller and straight on middle , goes back and across to clip from in front of his pads to midwicket
length ball on the stumps , tapped towards short midwicket . Thinks about a single , but decides against it . Wisely
length ball coming into him , blocked back
back of a length coming into him , defended back to the bowler
fuller on off , driven to mid-off
fuller on the pads , clipped but ca n't beat short midwicket
full outside off , pushed to extra cover on the front foot
back of a length outside off , pushed tentatively to point
good bouncer , at 88 mph . BATTER decides to go after it but he 's beaten for pace . Too late on the pull and ca n't connect as the ball flies past
pacy ball on a length on off stump , BATTER defends towards mid-off on the back foot
fuller outside off , driven - but ca n't beat the in-field
sharp in-cutter that catches BATTER on the crease . Loud appeal but probably going down . Inside edge too . BATTER was rooted to his crease and trying to punch
length on off , pushes on the back foot to mid-off . Ball goes off the end of the bat
length ball , stump to stump , blocked towards mid-off
superb yorker to finish , BATTER just about gets his bat down in time in front of middle stump to squirt it away towards mid-off
length ball in the channel again , tries to punch off the back-foot , mis-times to point
length ball in the channel , pushed to point
bluffs with a full straight one on middle . BATTER stays beside it and drives to cover
ooh he has a bit of a waft at it but then pulls his bat away . Back of a length and going across him from
back of a length , he rocks back to pull . Not short enough , gets an under-edge that square leg is onto quickly
back of a length moving across him , stays on the back foot and defends to short cover
length on the stumps , moving a touch away , BATTER hops into the tuck past short midwicket , but ca n't go past mid-on
BATTER swats awkwardly at a short ball , which beats him and flies through to
short again at the left shoulder . BATTER swats at it unconvincingly and misses , but it 's slightly straighter this time
short ball , which takes BATTER by surprise . He looks to swat it into the leg side , but ca n't get bat on it
full outside off , and late tail away from the bat takes it past BATTER 's swing
attempted yorker , turns into a low full toss which BATTER shapes to thump into next week , but he does n't connect
slower ball bouncer , which takes BATTER by surprise , and he lets it loop through to the keeper
hangs a length ball wide of the off stump , BATTER flirts at it and misses
length ball , angling in , and it strikes BATTER on the pad . Enthusiastic appeal from BOWLER , but it looked way too high , and might have struck him outside the line . FIELDER chooses not to review
full legbreak , BATTER lunges forward to defend
lebgreak , down the leg side , and tucked round the corner to short fine leg
beaten ! BATTER is foxed by a slower ball , which droops past his outside edge as he prods forward
BATTER uses his feet , but ca n't beat short cover as he gives himself room
prodded defensively towards mid-off
legbreak down the leg side , BATTER looks to prod into the leg side but it strikes his pad and dribbles onto the next strip
legbreak on a length , BATTER defends down the pitch
fullish on fifth stump , nudged to mid-on
immaculate line and length in the off-stump channel , and BATTER stays on nought , defending towards cover
BATTER uses his feet , so BOWLER drags his length ball . BATTER can only steer defensively out towards backward point
nails that hard length on fourth stump again , BATTER can only defend into the covers
good length again , BATTER looks to work into the leg side but is struck on the thigh pad and it dribbles down towards his feet
yorker at 86mph/139kph , dug out back down the pitch
attempted slower ball , turns into a low full toss on fifth stump but BATTER only pats back down the pitch
full on leg stump , BATTER misses out as he nudges defensively towards mid-on . Hint of late tail on that - ball seems to be reversing
wide on the crease , BATTER gives himself some room but only defends into the covers
length on fifth stump , pressed out to mid-off
back of a length , BATTER defends while jumping onto the back foot
searing yorker at 87mph/141kph , dug out into the leg side
length on sixth stump , steered to backward point
length ball angling in towards the top of off at 88mph/141kph , defended towards mid-on
banged in on a length at 89mph/144kph , BATTER looks to work to leg but only manages to squirt into the covers via a leading edge
fullish on fifth stump , driven into the covers but FIELDER gets down brilliantly from in tight to stop it getting through the ring
wide on the crease , BATTER digs out a full ball , nudging towards cover
length outside off , inside-edged towards mid-on
legbreak , shovelled into the leg side off the hip
googly again , blocked out to cover
nudged into the covers defensively
length outside off , comes on the front foot and reaches to drive . Fielded by cover
full one angling into him , driven to extra cover
tossed up , dips and spins past his bat as he 's coming on the front foot to push
quicker and a bit shorter , on leg and turning across , whipped to midwicket
good length on the stumps , comes on the front foot to defend
fuller on off , goes to drive , gets it off the inside half of the bat as it trickles to mid-on
back of a length and nipping in , BATTER goes to pull but is struck on the thigh pad
keeping a tight line outside off , defended towards gully
moves well across his stumps to a full ball outside off but can only defend it into the offside
tossed up full on the stumps , driven to mid-off
length on off , steered to point
fuller , clipped to mid-on
sharply spinning googly , pitches well outside off and cuts back in . He did n't read it but had enough time to jab it away
length ball nipping in , goes to drive , gets it off the inside half of the bat to mid-on .
another one keeps low . Length around off and nipping in , BATTER gets his bat down in time to keep the ball out
fuller on the pads , flicked away but short midwicket dives to his left to field
beaten . Backing away , but this is on off , on back of a length and moving in a touch . He ca n't get bat on it
full , tailing into him , driven to mid-off
tossed up on the stumps , driven to short cover

huge shout but not given again . Inside edge on that . No review . Googly , quicker one that he did n't pick , and was caught on the crease .
length ball on off , pushed with the turn to cover
googly , stretches well forward to defend towards mid-on
fuller on the stumps , punched nicely but straight to mid-on . Another maiden
length on the fourth stump again , guided to backward point .
tight line and length nibbling around off stump steered to point
kept low , but BATTER did well to get his bat down in time and defend into the offside . Length outside off and jagging back into him
fuller on the stumps , full face of the bat in defence , bounces over the leaping bowler
length on the stumps , defended back to the bowler
fullish on off , comes forward and jams his bat in defence
pushed to mid-on
down the track and pushes to mid-on . Wants a single but is wisely sent back . Mid-on and mid-off are both in the circle . and almost carelessly run out was BATTER but he 's back in the crease . The throw came in and FIELDER whipped off the bails . BATTER was ambling back with bat stuck outside the crease but stepped inside with boot in time
gets some drift , fuller on le gstump , turned to short fine leg
length on the stumps , punched to midwicket
beaten . Length ball outside off , BATTER is getting down low to steer it but it bounces over his bat
length ball coming into him , punched back
tossed up full on the stumps , whips a drive , but to mid-on
tossed up outside off , clipped back to the bowler on the front foot
nice drift , on a length , pushes him back and he tentatively jabs it down
yorker on off stump , dug out to mid-on . No single . wicket maiden
length on off , angling into him from a bit wider of the crease , steered to backward point
length ball coming into him , defended towards mid-on
fuller on off , clipped to midwicket
length in the channel , moving away , pushes at it but beaten
slightly quicker , played into the offside on the back foot
length on the stumps , pushed back to the bowler
flatter and quicker , nudged to short third man
fuller on off , driven to mid-off
fuller outside off , driven but off the toe-end and cover fields
length ball on the stumps , stays still and carefully pats it down towards short leg
tossed up , full on the stumps , driven to a very straight mid-on
length on off , dabbed towards point . No single as the fielder comes swooping in
length on the stumps , goes back and across to flick , but ca n't beat midwicket
length ball , cramping him for room , tries to cut from close to his body . Ball does n't travel much towards short third man , no single
length ball nipping in , jabbed towards backward point
clipped to midwicket
down the track but this was dug into the pitch on a line just outside off , and BATTER ca n't get to the pitch , ends up bunting it with a flat bat to cover
length on the stumps , nudged to midwicket
good length nipping across gently , defended solidly from the crease
slower ball back of a length to start off , on leg stump . BATTER was moving to pull but too early into the shot and ends up missing it
and that is what happens when you 're struggling for runs . Gets one a bit short and pulls fiercely . Not perfectly timed but would have got runs if he had placed it better . But short midwicket dives to his left and saves
half a step down and flicks it , beats midwicket but ca n't beat mid-on who was moving to his right to cut it off . Still no single for
still not finding the gaps is BATTER . Back of a length on off , goes on the back foot to punch , straight to cover
back of a length outside off , does n't bounce much , BATTER stays beside it and punches to point
jags back in sharply from outside off and BATTER wears a blow on the abdomen trying to pull this
half an appeal as this one is dug in short and sliding down leg . He moves inside the line to pull , but does n't connect .
fuller on the stumps , tries to stroke it through cover , but not timed
length on the stumps , trying to deny him room . BATTER cuts from close to his body but point stops it to his right
back of a length on off , whipped off the back foot but ca n't go past midwicket

fuller on off , almost falls over while going across and clipping towards mid-on
keeps up the short ball attack , this one into the rib cage and BATTER defends it back from the crease
follows it up with a better bouncer , over leg stump again but this one forces BATTER to duck under it
length ball on leg , going across him , defended back down the pitch
ooh , swing and a miss . Not full enough to drive and on the fifth stump , BATTER aimed an ambitious drive on the up but did n't connect
length outside off , jags back in and he bunts it towards mid-on
nagging line on off stump , BATTER defends from a length and that 's another maiden
pushed across BATTER , who tries to cut but is cramped for room , and bottom-edges through to FIELDER on the bounce
length ball nudged towards mid-on , tidy start from
back of a length ball , does n't really get up off the surface and BOWLER belts out an appeal as it hits BATTER on the pad ! FIELDER is n't interested , though . Slower ball , and looked like it was going over the top
BOWLER is tight to the stumps , and BATTER is cramped for room shaping to cut
pushed across him , BATTER times this sweetly in front of square but ca n't get it past cover point , Sams on as a sub , in the ring
slightly fuller on fourth stump , BATTER 's hand comes off the bat as he shapes to drive and it dribbles towards cover
back of a length outside off , steered to backward point where FIELDER leaps like a salmon to his left and keeps the pressure building
length on fourth stump , stabbed to backward point with an open face
beaten ! BATTER 's bat has lost its magical powers . Immaculate line and length from BOWLER , BATTER is cramped for room while shaping to drive and it flies past the shoulder of the bat
length on sixth stump , BATTER gets across to work towards midwicket
length on fifth stump at 88mph/141kph , nudged to short cover
slightly overpitched on fourth stump , BATTER drives down the ground with a straight bat but ca n't beat mid-on
length on fourth stump , BATTER defends to short cover on the bounce
length on off stump , defended back to the bowler
length outside off , checked drive out to mid-off
length in the channel , nudged to FIELDER at point
nips in from a length , clipped to square leg
very full on off stump at 88mph/142kph , BATTER digs it out , straight to short midwicket on the bounce
length on off stump , nudged to short midwicket
length ball outside off , BATTER has a flirt but ca n't lay bat on it
fuller on leg stump , clipped to mid-on by
back of a length , nudged towards mid-off with a straight bat
slightly full of a length on fourth stump , nudged to short cover
back of a length , more width outside off , and BATTER bottom-edges the cut through to FIELDER on the bounce
bit of width outside off , BATTER swings and misses again ! Shaped for a wristy cut but lost his shape and was late on the shot
banged in , back of a length at 88mph/142kph , and steered into the off side
outswinger on a length , left alone
length ball on fifth stump , beats BATTER 's dangled bat . No real foot movement
length on off stump , BATTER defends to short cover to complete a second maiden for
width outside off , BATTER frees his arms to cut and connects well , but ca n't beat FIELDER at backward point on the bounce
length on the hip , clipped into the leg side and FIELDER at short midwicket dives to his right at full stretch to cut it off
beauty ! Nips away off the seam to beat BATTER 's defensive push as he comes down the pitch . Wry smiles from both bowler and batsman
nips in off the seam to hit BATTER on the thigh pad . No appeal , going over the top and possibly down leg too
length outside off , bit of width but it dies off the surface and flies under BATTER 's bat
length in the channel , BATTER attempts his trademark guide down to third man but is cramped for room , and ca n't get bat on it . Looks out of nick !
hint of movement in off the seam as BATTER drives a full ball to mid-off . 91mph/146kph - good pace throughout this first spell from
banged in on a length , steered to point on the bounce with an open face
wild waft outside the off stump at a 90mph/146kph half-volley , and no connection
beauty ! Straight past the outside edge as BATTER is half-forward , half-back while defending . BOWLER angles this across him , and a hint of nibble away takes it past the bat
length in the channel , dabbed into the ground on the crease
short outside off , BATTER uses his feet to come down but can only swat to the cover-point fielder
inside-edged into the body , and BATTER hits the deck ! Length ball pushed across him as he looked to drive through the covers , but he only managed to inside-edge into the back knee and will get some treatment from the physio
banged in on a length , BATTER opens the face to guide it into the covers
slightly full of a length on fourth stump , driven to mid-off
back of a length outside off , BATTER drops the hands and sways inside the line
length on sixth stump , nudged to short extra cover
hard length on off stump , chokes the bat with the bottom hand to work to short midwicket
banged in on a length at 85mph/137kph , BATTER is beaten for pace and struck on the back thigh . Bit of seam movement into the batsman
short ball in at the biceps , down the leg side , but not called wide this time as BATTER ducks
slightly full of a length , BATTER skips outside leg stump to give himself room to hit over the off-side ring , but misses it completely
good length , angling across the right-hander with a bit of width at 90mph/145kph . BATTER throws the bat again , but again ca n't make contact
length ball at 88mph/142kph outside the off stump . BATTER has a flash but ca n't lay bat on it
length outside off , nudged into the covers but straight to the fielder to complete a maiden over
short outside off , BATTER looks to free his arms with the pull but ca n't lay bat on it
Back of a length wide of off , flays at it with feet rooted , no connection
Good length on off , defended from the crease
good length on the stumps , patted back
drops short of midwicket Back of a length outside off , he goes to pull , gets a top edge that dinks down just out of reach of the fielder
length going a mite across him , stays beside it and pushes to point
excellent line , hitting the hard length and nibbling at off , defended from the crease . Nips into him a tad again
going across him from over the wicket and tailing into him . BATTER goes to drive it , but inside edges onto pad
trapped in front but BATTER reviews . That was a mighty close shout , pitched in line and nipped back in . Height may be an issue . and it is going over the stumps , so BATTER survives . But he was playing all around that one , beaten by the movement inwards and groping with bat well away from ball
nice line and length in the channel outside off , lets it go
well bowled , BATTER made room , BOWLER dangled it just inside the tramline , and he ca n't make contact ! Precious dot !
thumped on the wrist as BATTER limboes into the short ball ! Trying to make room but that just followed him !
full length , wide line , slower ball . A bit of a windy woof of a drive , makes no contact
round the wicket , an optimistic appeal as BATTER flicks down the leg side , but that 's pad through to the keeper . Another dot though ...
hitting the deck hard outside off , and dying off the pitch as BATTER swings into an air-pull
this is good from BOWLER , Pinning BATTER to the crease with inswinging yorkers . He connected well , but predictably , straight to short cover
blockhole ball , much better length , right up to the toes , and BATTER ca n't create any pace on the ball
whoosh ! Loose from BATTER , throwing the bat through the line , and missing it entirely . Length and pace from BOWLER . But through him too soon
fizzed through outside off , BATTER is slashing hard on the back foot but ca n't connect
rolls the fingers again , but it 's a wide line and BATTER slashes at it hard ... and straight to backward point . A loud groan of annoyance ... a precious dot to close out the over
cutter , full length , tight line , solid in defence to mid-off
round the wicket , cramped on the legs , ca n't work the angle off the pads
hits the bat hard , as a pushed prod flies in the air and just short of mid-off
worked to the on-side , hopping into line
good pace and carry from BOWLER , lifting outside off and through to the keeper
good ball , right up to the bat , dipping under a wild slog , and turning past the off stump
attempted reverse paddle , misses the wide legbreak as he does so
fast once more , fired down the leg side , there 's a definite noise as it goes by but England agree with the umpire , that 's flicked the pad . A dot at least , rather than a wide .

another slower ball , stabbed to point off the back foot , that 's an excellent over in the circumstances , as FIELDER turns to his Mr Reliable to wrest back control . Just two runs there
lovely ball , a cutter , full length , tight line , zipping off the deck and past the outside edge . Beaten
full-faced defence , right back down the line of the ball . Solid
poked off the back foot in defence
defended on the back foot , BOWLER probing a full length
good finish to the over , full length again , attacking off stump , defiantly blocked on the back foot . Just the four from the over to restore some control . England rather need a wicket
tight line , solid defence on the back foot . Very full length tailing into the pads and blocked , a hint of reverse maybe ?
BATTER tries an immense reverse sweep , making a mess of it and collapsing to the floor . England appeal , and upon being denied , review . It strikes him on the arm , but may have taken the glove band on the way . Umpire thinks so , and gives it not out
goes for an almighty heave over extra cover but misses completely . FIELDER fails to gather , but BATTER had his foot inside
poking away at that nearly brought the outside edge
driven to mid-off
defended to the onside
angling across from over the wicket . Punched down to mid-off
starved him of room and BATTER tries to chop it down to third man , almost chops it onto the stumps
pushes him onto the back foot . Good pace and carry
slightly short , and BATTER is incensed he did n't punish it
driven to short extra cover
dragged down legside , England appealed to no avail . But it 's not given wide , so that 's what they might have wanted after all
knocked away to backward point , but no run to be had . Another solid start to the over from
fuller this time , driven straight back to him
good length at pace , poked into the onside
starts off with a googly that is left alone
once more , gets into that awkward position and ends up defending
nearly squared him up . Was drifting in and BATTER , realising he had moved too far across , defends
that struck him in front , and might even have got an inside edge , so they appeal excitedly . Umpire does n't think so , and FIELDER opts against reviewing . Height might have been an issue
gets a leading edge , but drops harmlessly on the offside
steps back but can only defend to mid-on
another little dab to the onside . BOWLER rushes through his overs so quickly
well flighted , pushes him back . A bit of bounce and turn
crisp drive to mid-off , no run
clever slower ball , BATTER can only nudge it to short extra
wicket-to-wicket line from close to the crease , targeting off stump . No nonsense , basic bowling that 's squeezing the runs
Spun back in and struck him on the pad . Eight off that over
maiden over . He thought about a quick single , but the fielders swirled and he decided otherwise
driven firmly to the offside . Stellar start , this , from
took the pace off , clipped to short midwicket on the bounce
defended to the offside
length ball , poked away to backward point
keeps low and hits the bottom of the bat
whizzes this through wide outside off , BATTER watches it go
nudged into the offside
back of a length , and BATTER defends this one . Another costly over for England , in more ways than one
nasty bouncer from around the wicket . BATTER did n't know much about that , and it hit the handle of the bat
pace off and that kept low . Went underneath the bat and nearly took off stump with it
darted though and defended
brings it back into the right hander dangerously again , defended to the onside
gets very sharp turn once more . BATTER completely lost his shape on that one as it threatened to squeeze past his bat
short of a length , defended . 9 off that over thanks to BATTER 's pugnacity
comes back with a well-directed bouncer . BATTER does well to get his nostrils out of the way
slower ball to start off , just 75 mph . When I bowl 75 , though , my shoulder 's sore for days
sliced to backward point
good pace and bounce . Defended back to the bowler
targeting the stumps . Driven down to long-on
Gets an inside edge and it bounces up into the air . He ensures it does n't drop onto the stumps by deflecting it away with the bat . I wish that was n't allowed , personally . One of my pet peeves
fizzed through on a tight line outside off
nurdled to the leg side
full length , and pushed down the ground to mid-on . Excellent from BOWLER , rising to the opportunity to crank up the heat , and Australia are going nowhere fast
round the wicket , attacking the left-hander 's stumps on the angle , and flinched from deep in the crease to mid-on
BOWLER bends his back , and sizzles a skiddy bouncer through at 95mph . BATTER limboes , as well he might !
leaning onto the front foot , and driven back down the pitch
crashes into the pad on the full , but outside leg stump
outside off , pinged through at 92mph , back of a length , poked out to point
fired in flat from round the wicket , and slids on towards a very deep-set back pad . Just about digs it out !
looped onto a good length , pressed back to the bowler
back of a length , rising into a compact hopping block . Wheels
huge appeal , sliding into the right-hander , but perhaps doing too much . That was up to 93mph , as BOWLER 's handbrake starts to slip ...
right up to the blockhole , solid connection on the drive , but no timing as mid-on swoops round . I think he 's broken the toe of his bat with that one ...
blocked on the back foot , rising into the splice . Good wheels from BOWLER , who has licence to cut loose now as Australia concentrate on regrouping
trapped on the crease with a full length , leaping into the thigh pad , good shape into the right-hander
leaning onto the front foot to block back to the bowler
round the wicket , a fraction short , BATTER clambers into a pull , almost kneeling at the point of impact
great follow-up ! Beaten all ends up outside off , zipping through to the keeper . Pace is pace innit ... ( as they say in Hackney )
attempted leave outside off , thumps the under-side of the bat , and down into the crease
length delivery , shaping into the legs , and nurdled square
firm in defence , as BOWLER rolls the fingers on the cutter , perfect probing full length
dead-batted block , soft hands as he waits for the length ball to come onto the bat
through to the keeper , skidding through very low , left alone
lifting on an off-stump line , played very late with soft hands , steered out to the gully as he probes the angles behind square
drawn forward on the front foot
head right over the ball , and pressed into the off side
back of a length , tucked off the hip as BOWLER hits the deck hard on a middle-and-leg line
length ball outside off , he leaves it alone
on a length on middle and off , he works towards cover








blocked on the back foot

hitting the pitch hard outside off , and blocked to the off side
outside off , left alone
very full length , hint of shape away from the bat . Blocked to the off side
BOWLER drags his length back , and BATTER is in all sorts of bother on the not-quite-cut . That was 92mph , and he struggled to get over the stroke
sharper areas from BOWLER to his bunny BATTER . Hitting the pitch hard outside off , `` Wait on , no ! '' is the cry as he stabs to cover
plopped onto a perfect full length , attacking the top of off , and blocked with a full face
half an appeal as BOWLER thumps the pad , but that 's sliding down
beauty ! Excellent length , hint of nip off the seam , BATTER is trapped flat-footed on the crease as the ball rears past his splice
very full , outside off , drilled back to the bowler , who stops well in his followthrough and sends BATTER sprawling for his crease with a feigned shy
rolls the fingers on the slower ball , and finds a good channel outside off
long-hop outside off , 90mph , but flogged a touch floppily into the covers where FIELDER fields well . He got away with that one
blocked on off stump as BOWLER finds a better length
nip from just back of a length , into the thigh pad as BATTER is tucked up . Good adjustment from BOWLER to close out that over
fuller length this time , BATTER drills a drive from under the eyeline but straight to cover
back of a length again , BOWLER already veering towards hitting the pitch rather than attacking the edge . Blocked in a rush
probing from BOWLER , blocked on the line of off stump as he pushes the ball across the left-hander
back of a length , BOWLER just adjusting his line a fraction to avoid those hips , tapped to mid-on
charged down the track but the change of pace bests him
moved across and BOWLER responds with a bouncer . BATTER tried to smear it anyway , but he 's beaten . Eventful over , that
this one only just misses the leg stump as BATTER steps away and tries to smear it through the onside
that is an unplayable yorker , and too good for BATTER . Shame it just missed off stump , because there was little he could have done about it
wide yorker and a dot ball to end
low full toss , and BATTER smiles wryly at missing another one of those . That was one he really should have capitalised on
drops this one shorter . BATTER tried to smear that down to midwicket , but beaten by the ( lack of ) bounce
slower ball and BATTER looked very hesitant dealing with it . Ended up trying to guide it to third man and got beaten
pushes him back with a quick ball that BATTER just about fends off away from his body
squared him up almost . Hits the pads
defended to long-on . That 's BOWLER and FIELDER both done !
off stump line , good length . No timing on it from BATTER . BOWLER looking to finish strongly
dot ball to finish a really solid spell . Nine wickets and 51 runs , often coming on when the batters were attacking
blocked . We may be looking at a wicket maiden 41st over
rolls his fingers over it once more . The last three overs , Australia have really pulled England back
another slower ball . BATTER looked like he was set up for it , though . Nudged into the offside
BATTER blocks it back . It hits the non-striker 's stumps again , but this time BATTER is well in
driven back and it smacks the stumps at the other end . BATTER was stranded out of his crease , but BOWLER did n't get a hand on it . Lucky break for the England allrounder
good bowling . Good length , a bit of air and some turn . Cut away to the backward point fielder
gets on the front foot and punches it through the offside . Just one off it
another one finding that fielder . Are we really on track for a maiden ?
driven crisply to extra cover , well fielder and he keeps him on strike . Nice over from BOWLER so far
another one that had the pace taken off , BATTER finds the same fielder
slower ball , BATTER gets low and pokes it to backward point
nice shape on that , got a bit of turn and BATTER opted to shoulder arms
that was a bit too close to cut , as BATTER nearly found out to his cost when he nearly chopped it on to his stumps
driven to the offside
hops down the crease once more , only to be forced to poke it to the offside
low full toss , driven down to mid-off
yorker length and he just about digs it out . FIELDER has a shy at the stumps and whacks BOWLER in the leg instead
slight change of action from BOWLER and its jabbed into the onside , only to find the fielder
driven back to the bowler , which sends the non-striker scrambling to get back into his crease
went slightly shorter this time , angled to short midwicket
pulled at a short ball , and the keeper went up as if he 'd got a tickle on it . No reaction from BOWLER , though
well , he connected nicely with that one , and nearly paid for it with his wicket . Straight back at him , but those need to stick . In this case , it popped out of that left hand
driven crisply down to mid-on . BATTER looks good when he middles it even when it does n't fetch any
slower bouncer , and this one 's well targeted . BATTER lets it go
poked into the onside
runs down the track and has an almighty thwack at it . Does n't hit the ball , but fresh air gets a wallop
worked away to midwicket
good finish to the over , cutting back into the pads , and cramped outside off stump
firmly pressed into the off side , tight and probing mid-innings bowling here
fired into the pads , BATTER almost sells himself a dummy while backing up , but scurries back well
fully forward , and pressed back to the bowler
stretching onto the front foot and pushed to cover
blocked on the back foot . No damage done by the extra ball
looks for the big wind-up , but settles for the front-footed block into the covers
whittled off the toes , out to midwicket . BOWLER keeping it admirably tight so far
drawn onto the front foot , solid push back down the wicket
a whistling air-shot , as BATTER lines up something expansive over midwicket , and nearly loses his off stump in the process
an eager cut , climbing into some rare width but ca n't pierce the field
careful now ! Signs of reverse as BATTER makes room for the late cut and so nearly drags on in his haste to readjust
a bit of turn and bounce again as BATTER wears this on the thigh pad . England just beginning to up the ante against his all-sorts ...
tossed up on leg stump , as per ...
short-arm pull , not quite short enough for the stroke as BATTER under-edges to the leg side . That 's a good comeback over
full and straight , very solid block back to the bowler
blotted off the front foot , into the covers , a loud shout of `` no ! ''
another big appeal ! More going for this shout as BOWLER finds late movement into the pads on a full length , but doing too much . And an inside-edge too
tucked off the pads , ca n't find the gap
cutter , tight line , nibbling back into the right-hander , who works with the angle to defend off the legs
much fuller length , wide line outside off , a big swing and a miss
full length , attacking line , blocked firmly to backward point
back and across , England content to milk BOWLER 's tidy offerings
fenced behind square , no width on offer with this angle , bowling to his vast leg-side field
flicked to the leg side
drops the hands and sways inside the line as BOWLER bends his back on off stump
bashed with intent into the covers as BATTER rises into a drive , but ca n't pierce the field
no liberties to be taken on that line and length , tight to off stump , curling towards middle . Blocked
rising on the back foot to defend to the leg side . Tidy over
tossed up , outside leg this time , tapped with the angle back to the bowler
lots of air , BATTER advances but yorks himself in the process . Tapped to mid-on
round the wicket now , curling on a full length , back into the right-hander , firm in defence
jaffer ! That 's a lovely piece of bowling , late jagging outswing , curling past the edge on a perfect length . You do well to nick those ...
outswinger on a full length , BATTER watches it onto a forward defensive
skidding on faster and flatter , and BOWLER is very excited ! It seemed as though BATTER got bat on that , but he was beaten by the change-up , did it flick pad first ? If so , it 's tight . Australia review . Nope , lots of bat . On we go
whipped from outside off stump , and gathered at midwicket
head right over the ball , blocking for all he 's worth
tossed up first ball , and stoutly blocked
banged in short , BATTER ducks as the ball zips over his shoulder
nurdled to the on-side , ca n't create the angle as BOWLER finds a touch of outswing from a full length
pops a touch from back of a length , short midwicket is in business for a split second ..
rising from a full length , tight line on middle and leg . Blocked with hard hands
ripped through at a fair lick , dipping on off stump and clipped to midwicket
clipped off the front foot to short midwicket . England are finding the fielders a little more frequently now
targeting the stumps . Defended back to BOWLER . BATTER has n't really got going just yet
length delivery gunning for the top of middle , worked down to mid-on
nudged into the onside
low full toss , that was the opportunity for a put-away . He timed it well , but straight to the one man stationed in the inner circle
gets a big stride out but can only defend it to the offside
banged in short and BATTER gets under it . Perhaps a tad fortunate not to be called wide given it was tailing down slightly
defended to mid-on
pushes him back with one slightly short of a length , defended
defended . Another excellent over for Australia , just the one of
was there an edge ? Perhaps not . BATTER lunged at that with a bit of belligerence but was beaten completely
carbon copy . Decent little period , this , for Australia
plants the front foot early to block . Looks like he 'll treat BOWLER with respect for now
leg stump line , BATTER blocks
defended . Just three runs off the two post-Powerplay overs
short ball that BATTER gets out of the way of
driven through the cover region
kept a shade low . Bottom edge through to the keeper on the bounce
suddenly , BOWLER looks more dangerous . Cross seamed ball that moves ever so slightly away and nearly nabs the edge
drives nicely but straight to extra cover
nicely flighted and BATTER was a little careful in how he approached it . Might not have been that wary had he still got BATTER at the other end
starts with a flighted one outside off , driven back
banged it in short and he gets out of the way
an attempt at a swivel-pull , but when you do n't make contact , it looks like an ungainly pirouette
excellent end to it . Poked away to the onside . Just 5 off it
been a pretty good comeback this over . Cramps BATTER up once more
again , gives him no room while ensuring he does n't stray down leg side . It 's a very delicate balancing act , but BOWLER needs to nail it constantly
similar line , and BATTER gets a thick inside edge . Better last couple of deliveries
angling away . BATTER opened himself up but realised it was too close to cut through the offside
a leave ! Seems like it 's been awhile since we had one of those
prodded into the onside
a bit of a slog sweep that he lost control of . Got a faint inside edge but it bounced before reaching FIELDER , who was sharp enough to ensure it did n't trickle away for any
defended back to the bowler . Decent comeback
struck on the pads , but too high for the fielders to be legitimately excited
defended to short cover . This , by the way , is England 's highest Powerplay total already this series
there was a hint of inswing , and he was right to be wary as he blocks that into the onside
pitched outside leg stump and hits the pads . They ponder a run that 's never really on
driven back to BOWLER . Decent over , that , for England , 12 off it
full toss at 89mph . Baitstow might have been disappointed not to put that away . At that pace and with the angle , though , even the full tosses look like they could be tricky
pitched on a length and his drive is n't quite middled
prodded into the offside to end the over
banged in short and BATTER ducks under . Does n't seem chuffed by the umpire deciding that 's not a wide , which BATTER wanted on height , apparently
pushes him back with one that 's slightly short of a length . Poked into the offside
gets a genuine outside edge on that , but it bounces well in front of the slip cordon
a straighter line aiming for top of off . Cautiously defended to the offside
beats the outside edge . At the moment , BOWLER 's on top in this little mini-battle , and it 's not that close . Another probing over that cost just the extra comes to an end
once more , he needed to ensure it did n't balloon off his bat . The right hand came off it but he manages to keep it down
shorter once more , and he looked a little uncomfortable fending it off
did n't get his feet sorted to that one . It was back of a length , and he looked to push it through the offside , but ends up getting beaten
as I say that , he brings out the most classical forward defensive shot to a delivery that was otherwise heading for middle stump
on the money , pitches it up , and BATTER can only drive it back to him . The open stance of the England skipper suggests he 's still looking to be positive
dragged it down leg side , and it needed sharp work from FIELDER to ensure it did n't trickle away for four leg byes
short of a length . BATTER rocks back and pulls it , but no real timing and it goes straight to short midwicket
tailing into the stumps . Driven crisply to mid-off
perfect probing line and decent bounce off the pitch . He lets it go
inside edge onto the pad , BOWLER bang on the money from the start
good length that looked like it was rearing slightly . That concludes a tremendous first over for Australia
fourth stump line and BATTER opts to shoulder arms
went for the magic delivery , looking for the one that swings away . Ends up tailing down leg stump , and he gets pad on to it
legbreak , pretty straight , BOWLER fields off his own bowling as BATTER nudges back down the pitch
tossed up , pretty straight , and nudged into the covers
offcutter which keeps very low off the pitch , and BATTER jams it out towards cover-point , inside-edging into his boot before it spills out
full on leg stump , BATTER sets off looking for one and is sent back again , and the throw from short midwicket hits him as he dives to make his ground !
fullish outside off , steered to cover point . Van BATTER set off halfway down the pitch before being sent back ... nervy stuff !
flighted on middle , backs away and punches to short cover
cutter , runs his fingers across it , nudged out into the off side ... BATTER remains on zero
back of a length outside off , steered to point
back of a length , slower ball , tucked to short midwicket off the hip
fullish on fourth stump , steered into the covers
full on off stump , defended with soft hands
no real flight , flat on fourth stump , driven to short extra cover
length ball on off stump , prodded to short cover
driven back to the bowler again , BOWLER fields again and sends BATTER scrambling back into his crease
length ball outside off , defended back to the bowler . BOWLER gathers in his follow-through and has BATTER ducking in anticipation of a shy at the stumps
slower ball , back of a length , rides the bounce and pushes out to point
back of a length , nudged out to mid-off
... and he 'll stay there , working this straight to FIELDER in the circle at wide mid-on
length outside off , gets forward to defend
steered out towards cover-point
nudged towards square leg with very soft hands
turns sharply on a length , nudged out towards mid-off
full , RvdD looks to work through mid-on but BOWLER dives at full stretch to his right to cut it off
no turn this time , holds its line outside off and BATTER nurdles out to midwicket
lunges forward in defence , BOWLER gets down to field off his own bowling
length ball , rocks back at carves to cover on the edge of the ring
full , down the leg side , nudged to FIELDER at short midwicket
full on off stump , defended into the covers
bit of turn from outside off , driven out to cover
nearly chips a return catch to BOWLER again ! Horrible ball , down the leg side , gets a leading edge looking to work out to midwicket , and it loops up just short of the bowler diving forwards . Cricket 's the winner ...
smeared in on fourth stump , defensive nudge
full on off stump , tickled to short midwicket
loopy topspinner down the leg side , BATTER looks to tuck out to leg and misses it . Strangled appeal as he 's struck on the pad
very full , yorker-length , dug out towards mid-off
brings out the reverse-dink to a fullish , spinning ball , and ca n't get any bat on it . BOWLER lets out a howl of anguish
chipped back and juuust short of the bowler ! Hint of turn from over the wicket , RvdD is through the shot early and pushes it inches short of BOWLER 's dive forward
back of a length , dabbed out to backward point
looks to drive down the ground , fierce shot back at BOWLER on the bounce who takes a blow on the hand . Not a million miles away from deflecting it onto the stumps at the non-striker 's end !
solid in defence , head over the ball . That will be drinks
outside off , squeezed to short third man
outside off , turning away from the right-hander who blocks on the front foot
full length , attempted nudge to the off side , but got too much bat on that one
angled bat , down into the off side
chopped to cover , a better over now , after his early long-hop . Fuller length
open face , worked to point
tapped to cover
another reverse sweep , from a standing position - more like French cricket . But ca n't beat backward point
outside off , banged in short , hitting the deck hard , and BATTER ca n't get on top of his cut to point
stands up in the pitch , BATTER nails a flat-batted smear , but FIELDER 's sharp hands at short cover intercept
very full , leaning forward in defence , pushed to point
slower ball , dips into a leg-sided clip , met on the full , but gathered at midwicket
rolls the fingers on a tight line to the left-hander , dead-batted on the back foot
dropped , though that 's putting it harshly ! BOWLER looks aghast , so it 'll have to count , but that was just a stick-out-a-mitt-and-hope moment . A clobber through the line , into his outstretched left hand
slower ball , looping out of the back foot , and met on the half-volley with a thump to mid-off
better line , shaping into the stumps . Poked to point
back of a length , blocked down the pitch on a tight line
patted out to the covers
tight line , just back of a length , dabbed down on an off-stump line
round the wicket once more , full length , tight line , blocked with a full face back to the bowler
pushed onto the defensive by a full-length stump-threatener . Right back on the crease to block
crunched off the front foot , straight at short cover
lots of air , that 's a good teasing delivery , BATTER comes forward and punches back to the bowler
over the wicket , tight line and length , blocked to the off side
slower ball , well disguised , BATTER rocks back on the pull but the ball has died on him
blocked down into the crease
onto the front foot , clubbed into the covers
tossed up , dipping onto the crease outside off , a cultured drive , straight to short cover
tossed up and dipping into the toes
round the wicket , back of a length , shaping into the right-hander , met on the back foot with a gentle pat to cover
tickled off the legs into the midwicket region
an arcing swipe through the line , outside off , ends up at mid-on , but they turn down the run
dipping into the toes , over the wicket , attacking the off stump , clipped to midwicket
tapped out to point on the front foot
head over the ball in defence
nudged out to the off side
on the back foot , solidly blocked in front of middle
full on off stump , clipped to short midwicket
nurdled out towards backward point
floaty legbreak on leg stump , looks to nudge out to midwicket but is struck on the pad . Thumps his pad in frustration
full and straight , nudged to straight midwicket where FIELDER makes a diving stop to his left
floated up above the eyeline , defended out to backward point
bottom edges into the pitch near his feet , they think about scrambling a single but decide against
angled in towards off stump , prods forward in defence
tossed up above the eyeline , nudged into the covers . 45mph/73kph
nudged out towards square leg , they think about a single but decide against
length outside off , cut out to point on the bounce
length ball , steered out to point on the bounce
full on fourth stump , forced out to mid-on
drag-down , but BATTER does n't pick it up early enough and is struck on the thigh looking to work it through midwicket . Decent recovery from
nudged out to short midwicket
nudged out towards midwicket
slower ball , beaten outside off ! Dangles the bat defensively , and it dribbles past the outside edge and through to FIELDER on the half-volley
length ball , angling in , driven to short extra cover
back of a length , steered out to point , BATTER sets off but is sent back by BATTER as FIELDER hares in to field
half-volley on fifth stump , driven out to mid-off . 82mph/132kph to start
length ball , looks to nudge into the covers and steal a run but BOWLER fields in his follow-through
length ball , defended to straight mid-on
bit of drift away , squirted out into the cover-point region with an open face
length outside off , steered to backward point
tossed up , full on off stump , defended back to the bowler
speared in on a length , nudged out to point and BOWLER races back to his mark
length ball in the channel , defended out into the covers
length ball , gets a leading edge on it looking to work out to midwicket but it falls comfortably short of BOWLER in his follow-through
fuller on fourth stump , driven straight to mid-off . 85mph/137kph , BATTER has n't quite found his timing yet
length in the channel , punched out to short cover
slower ball , fullish and straight , defended back to FIELDER . 75mph/120kph
length ball , looks to drive down the ground but FIELDER fields off his own bowling
flicked off the pads , ca n't beat midwicket
full on fourth stump , FIELDER gathers on the bounce in his follow-through , hurls it towards the stumps and hits BATTER ! No malice there , and he holds out his hand in apology
back of a length on the thigh pad , does n't quite pick up the slower ball and is struck on the thigh pad after getting through the shot early
slid across him , inside edges into the body and it spills out towards cover
full of a length on off stump , pushed out to mid-off
nudged out to mid-off , they think about one but decide against
full and straight , dug out to short cover . 82mph/132kph
back of a length on fourth stump , nudged out to wide mid-on
outswinger on a length , left alone . 84mph/134kph
length ball , defended to short cover where FIELDER fields
length ball , looks to flay through mid-on and BOWLER fields off his own bowling
pushed across him , shaping away , left alone
length outside off , 85mph/136kph , left alone . Good carry through to
length ball on fifth stump , defended out to mid-off
back of a length and a hint of width , BATTER leaves alone
slightly full of a length , struck on the pad working to leg , bit shout from BOWLER and given ! BATTER reviews ... looked like it was sliding down on first view . Struck him just above the knee roll , no bat involved . Ooft , awful call ... might have been hitting the top of a fifth stump , but missing leg by miles !
length in the channel , defended back down the track
outswinger , pushed across BATTER who leaves it alone
back of a length ball , defended off the back foot
length ball pushed across him , inside-edged into the pad and it skews away towards point
looping bouncer , BATTER leaves alone , but it 's dipping as it passes him . Well and truly suckered as he sought the wide
banged in short , and wide , BATTER pulls , and under-edges through to the keeper
slower ball , utterly foxed ! Hops obediently over the top of middle , like a well-trained bunny
wide full-bunger , slammed to cover , and FIELDER makes a smudge of it ! Oh dear , that was rank cricket all round . BATTER could have picked anywhere in the field , but belted it straight into the fielder 's bread-basket , and out again !
slower ball , ghosting over the top of middle as BATTER fails to pick that one , and loses his shape on a heave to leg
banged into the deck , BATTER under-edges a wild cross-batted slog
cracked hard back down the wicket , BOWLER gets his body on the line to intercept
shimmies at the crease , BOWLER adjusts well and loops the ball into BATTER 's toes . Tucked to midwicket for the single , and there ends a very fine day 's work from the spinner
head over the ball , stabbed into the covers with a full face
closing the face on a drive , midwicket intercepts
fired into the legs , strikes the pad on the back foot
flogged with awesome power , straight into the non-striker 's stumps ! The ball stops dead as the off stump cartwheels . Unlucky for England
over the wicket , a violent slog-sweep , but connects with nothing but air as the ball slides on through to the keeper
back of a length , sliding down the leg side , excellent connection behind square , but an even better stop from FIELDER who pounces to intercept a certain four
squelch ! That 's taken the wind out of BATTER 's sails ! Climbing into a pull , and missing out entirely ... that looked to thump him in the solar plexus , right on the base of his ribs . Hurty
up on the toes , and poked to cover
nudged into the covers
angled bat , poked to backward point
boshed with a very pleasing followthrough , knee bent , arms cocked , bat slapping backside . But not a lot of timing to mid-off
signs of aggression as BATTER walks to the pitch for a drive to cover
whittled off the legs to midwicket
tight line , clipped to midwicket , sharp gather to cut off the single
a wafty drive into the covers , and snaffled with a dive
back and across , dabbed down into the track to the on-side
worked off the legs , as BATTER leans across the crease
forward and defended
back of a length , on the angle into the right-hander , another sturdy block to point
well bowled , angling in from round the wicket , tight to off stump , BATTER attempts a cramped cut and misses
width outside off , but a scuffed cut straight to point
back of a length , very slow off the deck , met at the top of the bounce with a hard press to cover
stretching to the pitch of the ball , and punched back to the bowler
tapped off the toes to short midwicket
forward and blocked
fullish on fourth stump , pressed out towards mid-off with a high front elbow
length ball outside off , looks to drive through cover with a flourish of the wrists in the shot and is comprehensively beaten !
full on fifth stump , driven back to the bowler who makes a good stop low to his left
round arm , wide on the crease , defended back to the bowler
lunges forward to prod into the covers
slides on with the angle , inside edges into the pad looking to work to leg
low full toss , clipped to mid-on , but again ca n't beat the fielder
steered towards backward point but ca n't beat the fielder
length ball in the channel , defended to short cover
short ball , aimed at the shoulder , and BATTER ducks underneath it
length ball in the channel , squeezed out to point
full on off stump , driven out to mid-off
fullish on off stump , a little quicker through the air and BATTER defends
full on off stump , flicked to short midwicket
tossed up , nudged behind square
length on fifth stump , defended out to mid-off
back of a length , defended down the pitch
length ball on fourth stump , defended back down the pitch
googly to start , defended out towards mid-off
length in the channel , steered out to point
length on fourth stump , worked to short midwicket
back of a length outside off , pressed to mid-off on the back foot
googly , tucked to mid-on
drops short , not much bounce , and BATTER punches straight to short extra cover off the back foot
fullish , just outside off . BATTER lunges forward , defending to short midwicket
slower ball , worked out to midwicket
attempted knuckleball , very slow out the hand , BATTER waits for it and punches out to extra cover
back of a length on off stump , defended back down the pitch
good turn on a length , nudged out to short cover
length ball in the channel , defended with a full face
hangs on the back foot to nudge out to backward point
back of a length from round the wicket , keeps a touch low and BATTER jams the bat down in defence
half-volley on off stump , driven out to mid-off
driven out to cover on the front foot
defended towards mid-on with a full face
good turn on a length , hacked back to the bowler via the inside half of the bat
appeal from BOWLER , but always going down . Fullish on the pads , BATTER looked to whip it out towards square leg but was struck on the pad
squared up on the back foot , tapped to the off side
sizing up midwicket , but takes a leading edge into the covers
poked to mid-on , BOWLER keeping things tight as BATTER presses forward
knocked into the off side , FIELDER swoops to deter any thoughts of a single
onto the front foot , takes an inside edge but safe
fullish on off stump , defended back to the bowler
length outside off , driven out to cover point off the back foot
and again ! Beaten outside off three times in a row . BOWLER ca n't believe he 's not found the edge ... keeps lowish , and scuttles past the toe
beaten outside off again , fends apologetically at it as BOWLER nips this past the bat
hangs a length ball outside off , hint of nibble away as BATTER is suckered into the drive and he ca n't get any bat on it
uses his feet , BOWLER drags his length back , and he spoons this up towards the short leg region looking to flick into the leg side
tossed up on off stump , inside edged out towards short midwicket looking to drive
looks to drive out into the covers , steers it back to the bowler via the inside half of the bat
length on fifth stump , bottom edges into the back pad and it skews out into the off side
keeps a little low in the channel , BATTER jams the bat down on it and defends towards cover
back of a length on off stump , defended back to the bowler
length in the channel , BATTER shoulders arms
full on off stump , defended back down the pitch
defended into the off side with a full face
turn from a wide line , away from the left-hander , who ca n't connect on a late cut
rolls the fingers on a fuller length , good areas , BATTER drills a drive to point
cracked with power straight to short cover . Bump ball , but the crowd are excited
leaning into a defensive push
back and across to defend
leaning back for the cut , but there 's no pace for BATTER to work with
width , but a fine intercept at gully as BATTER eases into a late cut
solid in defence
flatter and wider , BATTER cuts but ca n't find the angle to elude backward point
stretching onto the front foot to block back down the pitch
banged in short , the skipper ducks
tidy areas once more , BATTER bides his time
head right over the ball , and defended back to the bowler
a big appeal , but to no avail as BOWLER lands one on a teasing length and raps the pad on a leg-stump line
stabbed out to the off side
slower ball , and BATTER is confounded on an attempted mow through point . The ball scuds below his swishing blade
outside off , opens the face for a dab to backward point
crunched off the back foot , out to cover
tapped to leg , BATTER feigns a shimmy to leg beforehand , but Jon-Jon is no dumb-dumb
swept , but ca n't find the placement to elude backward square
punched out to point with a full face of the bat
round the wicket with his left-arm spin , looped onto a decent length
tapped back down the track
a waft across the line , thumps the pad but that pitched well outside leg
tapped into the off side
solid line and length from over the wicket , pushed firmly back to the bowler
good length from BOWLER , tight line too , BATTER eases into a defensive push back to the bowler
back of a length , tapped to short cover
back of a length , BATTER climbs into a pull and ca n't connect
solid block , on the back foot . No way through there
banged in short , an aggressive pull , but BATTER toe-ends the shot straight back to the bowler . He was through the stroke too quickly
tapped to short cover , looking for the single , but that straight man reacts quickly to gather
angled bat , out to point . A very straight catcher standing on the popping crease at mid-off , just getting in his eyeline
solid block out to cover , standing tall on the back foot
outside off , a chastised leave-alone from BATTER to complete the over
flipped off the toes , and dropped ! FIELDER at short midwicket , stooping to his left , and that should have been taken !
belted from back of a length , in the air for a while but a yard short of backward point
nip off the seam from back of a length , a bit of a flaccid flat-footed poke from BATTER , who looks a little disgusted with himself
pumped into the covers once again , BATTER is playing catch-up already , as his partner has had the bulk of the strike so far . Might take a ball or two to calibrate fully ...
a compact drive , sweetly timed but straight at mid-off
dabbing the bat at a wide one , out to backward point . England have n't quite got to grips with the lack of pace in this surface yet . But it is a mere 11 balls of reconnaissance !
better line and length from BOWLER , no great pace - 136kph - but met on the back foot with a high elbow
a yawning leave as BOWLER fires one out wide to the right-handed BATTER . A very tidy first over
jabbed back down the line of the ball , excellent areas once again , although the umpire seems to be a touch interested in BOWLER ' followthrough
solid on the back foot , no great pace in the deck as BATTER waits and waits to push the ball back whence it came
back of a length , good areas as BATTER hangs on the back foot to gauge the pace of the wicket
leg-stump line , full length , nipping to off as BATTER walks into an open-stanced block to the leg side
spears in a yorker , right up towards the blockhole and FIELDER settles for digging it out
slow and loopy on middle and leg , FIELDER props forward in defence
floated up and tapped into the off side
full and straight , struck on the back leg ... Not given ! Maybe heading down leg ? BATTER liked it but Aleem Dar was unmoved . No hint of England wanting to review , so on we go
nibbling away , FIELDER throws the bat at it again , going inside out but fails to connect
hits a length , defended on off stump
beats the bat , 131kph/81mph and sliding through as FIELDER pushes away from his body
steams in and hits a length , FIELDER blocks into the off side , not a run on there
length ball , FIELDER jumps across and defends
pushed through , FIELDER drops back and works it off his pads
cutter from BATTER , defended on off stump
fullish , 139kph/87mph and punched into the on side
fuller , FIELDER comes forward and punches back to the bowler , who fields in his follow through
good length on fourth stump , 137kph/85mph and defended by
full and driven again , BATTER pounces on it this time
pitched up , tucked off the pads to backward square leg
tight lines from BATTER , length on off at 134kph/83mph and FIELDER again shows it a diligent straight bat
on the stumps and blocked back towards the bowler
shortish , 137kph/85mph and angling in over the top of off , FIELDER defends
lets this one go through outside off
pushed across , good length and nibbling towards the slips , left alone this time
length ball , shaping in a touch at 132kph/82mph and defended back down the track
fullish , angling across and blocked towards cover coming forwards
length ball , 139kph and tighter to off stump , steered towards backward point
beautiful line straight up , good length in the channel and FIELDER holds his bat just inside it as the ball zips through
spears in a yorker , right up towards the blockhole and BATTER settles for digging it out
slow and loopy on middle and leg , BATTER props forward in defence
floated up and tapped into the off side
full and straight , struck on the back leg ... Not given ! Maybe heading down leg ? BOWLER liked it but Aleem Dar was unmoved . No hint of England wanting to review , so on we go
nibbling away , BATTER throws the bat at it again , going inside out but fails to connect
hits a length , defended on off stump
beats the bat , 131kph/81mph and sliding through as BATTER pushes away from his body
steams in and hits a length , BATTER blocks into the off side , not a run on there
length ball , BATTER jumps across and defends
pushed through , BATTER drops back and works it off his pads
cutter from BOWLER , defended on off stump
fullish , 139kph/87mph and punched into the on side
fuller , BATTER comes forward and punches back to the bowler , who fields in his follow through
good length on fourth stump , 137kph/85mph and defended by
full and driven again , FIELDER pounces on it this time
pitched up , tucked off the pads to backward square leg
tight lines from BOWLER , length on off at 134kph/83mph and BATTER again shows it a diligent straight bat
on the stumps and blocked back towards the bowler
shortish , 137kph/85mph and angling in over the top of off , BATTER defends
lets this one go through outside off
pushed across , good length and nibbling towards the slips , left alone this time
length ball , shaping in a touch at 132kph/82mph and defended back down the track
fullish , angling across and blocked towards cover coming forwards
length ball , 139kph and tighter to off stump , steered towards backward point
beautiful line straight up , good length in the channel and BATTER holds his bat just inside it as the ball zips through
on the stumps and securely blocked once again
BOWLER steams in , hits a length , the ball angling back at BATTER ... who chops down in defence
climbing through outside off , 139kph/87mph and BATTER lets it zip through
short of a length and defended
pitched up , driven uppishly towards mid-off , does n't carry
short in the channel and BATTER flirts with a late cut , does n't connect - another over passes by
round the wicket , defended into the covers
in the channel , played off the back foot towards backward point
short of a length and BATTER rides the bounce , turns to leg and calls ... but BATTER quickly sends him back
defended solidly on the front foot
cutter from BOWLER , jabbed watchfully towards backward point
slower ball , on the stumps and defended calmly by
comes across and taps the ball down
round the wicket , fullish on off stump , BATTER defends
length ball in the channel , BATTER comes across and leaves
chin music , right at the helmet grille , BATTER rocks back and misses with an attempted uppercut
round the wicket , decent length on off , BATTER defends
oof , bounce from a length , cops a blow on the body ! BATTER trying to get forward , clipped the bottom glove and then deflected into the ribs
pitched up , BATTER chips it back to the right of BOWLER , who sticks out a hopeful arm but was n't anywhere near it
length ball outside off , defended back towards the bowler
comes across and pushes into the off side
back of a length , 134kph/83mph outside off , BATTER has an almighty mow and misses
over the wicket , short ball climbing at BATTER 's throat , he fends with the hands up , thinking about the uppercut but keeps his powder dry in the end
comes across to defend on off stump
dug in with pace off and BATTER has a flaccid flirt in the channel as the ball loops through
short of a length over leg stump , BATTER defends
shuffles across and taps the ball down
back of a length outside off , defended
back of a length outside off , dropped down on the off side
flung down short and wide and BATTER ca n't lay bat on it as he attempts a leaping fly-swat ... then grimaces as FIELDER Brathwaite signals one over shoulder height for the over
drops back , dabbed down towards backward point
pushed through and clipped to the man at midwicket - just one off the over from
floated up outside off , dabbed into the covers
on the stumps , defended
full and flighted , punched along the carpet to mid-off again
tossed up and driven towards mid-off
good length on off , 135kph/83mph , presses out to defend
back of a length , BATTER defends square
big roar from the crowd , FIELDER takes the catch as BOWLER straightens one from round the wicket ... but no bat on it , the bowler shaking his head
dragged down , quicker ball on the pads , jabbed towards short fine leg who cuts it off on the dive
tossed up full , leans out and defends
flighted , spinning on the stumps and BATTER tucks it square
tossed up on middle and leg , tapped away
back of a length in the channel , defended out to cover point
full on fourth stump , driven back down the ground
back of a length , struck on the thigh pad and bobbles down at his feet
tossed up , yorker-length , driven out to mid-off
googly , clipped to short midwicket
full on fourth stump , defended back down the pitch
full and straight , defended back to the bowler
slower ball in the channel , defended out to midwicket via the inside edge
defended with a straight bat down into the leg side
length on fourth stump , defended down the pitch
full on leg stump , gets a leading edge looking to work to leg and it squirts out to cover
length ball , 85mph/136kph , defended into the covers
tossed up outside off , driven out to cover on the half-volley
full and straight , driven out to mid-off
pressed out defensively into the off side
back of a length on fifth stump , defended to short midwicket
defended to short midwicket
defended on the front foot with a full face
nudged out to short midwicket with a straight bat
fullish and straight , BATTER looks to work through the leg side but FIELDER makes a good diving catch at midwicket
length ball in the channel , defended to point with an open face
length outside off , driven uppishly but falls just short of the man at short cover
length ball on fifth stump , BATTER defends as one hand comes off the bat
length outside off , steered out towards cover point
defended into the covers on the back foot
short to start , jumps onto the back foot in defence
slightly full of a length , BATTER hangs back in his crease and steers to third man
fired in a touch fuller and straighter , nudged to straight midwicket
length on off stump , pushed out to cover
flighted on fourth stump , driven out to cover
length outside off , hacked out to extra cover
defended back to the bowler with a straight bat
gentle length ball in the channel , BATTER tries to carve it away cross-batted but there 's not much carry and it scoots away under the bat
back of a length outside off , flicked to the leg side straight to BATTER at short square leg on the bounce
cutter , back of a length , nudged out to point
bit of turn , wider of the off stump , defended out to point
skids on with the angle from round the wicket , defended back to the bowler
tossed up again , push out to extra cover on the front foot
tossed up , gives it some real air , BATTER defends towards extra cover
full and straight to start , nudged to short midwicket
legbreak from outside off , BATTER lunges forward to defend with bat and pad together
full and straight , inside edged down to the man on the 45
googly again , defended awkwardly towards point
googly , defended back to the bowler
back of a length , fenced out to point with an open blade
length outside off , defended into the off side
fullish and straight , looks to tickle round the corner but only finds short fine leg
floated up above the eyeline , driven firmly but ca n't beat the fielder at short cover
googly , nudged to short midwicket
length ball , defended out towards mid-off
back of a length , steered out to the fielder at point
flatter , straightening on off stump , tucked to the leg side and BOWLER hares after it
pushed through on middle and leg , BATTER pats it back down the track
excellent line from BOWLER , 138kph and nibbling as BATTER does a square dance and is beaten
short of a length outside off , defended coming across
lobbed up full and tucked to the on side again
tossed up and tapped towards midwicket
lobbed up fuller on leg stump , chopped towards midwicket
back of a length on the stumps , 138kph/86mph and BATTER prods it down from the crease
shortish and defended coming across
similar line , again BATTER blocks into the covers
round the wicket , 136kph/84mph over the top of off , BATTER defends
touch short and tapped down to the off side
back of a length on middle and off , BATTER defends
back of a length outsdie off , tapped down square
short of a length , 134kph/83mph and BATTER jumps across to swat a mistimed pull into the covers
in-ducker , hit on the back pad , SA go up ... Not given and height seems to be the main question , but FIELDER reviews ; what will ball-tracking say ? Just shaving the top of leg stump ! But that will stay as umpire 's call , meaning SA do at least keep the review
short of a length , nipping to hit BATTER on the thigh pad as he hangs back
angled in with the arm , BATTER works it square
bit of width on offer and BATTER latches on , gets low to crash the ball square but FIELDER pulls off a smart stop
length ball around the line of off , BATTER shows it a straight bat
fired in straight , 136kph/84mph and BATTER gets his head over the ball in defence
back of a length outside off , opens the face and dabs towards point - still no run
touch short , over the top of off stump , BATTER chops down in defence
back of a length , 137kph/85mph and BATTER inside-edges down into his pads
tight line , 136kph/84mph outside off , lets this one go
pitched up , hint of seam movement as BATTER covers the line and pushes square
on the stumps , driven back towards mid-on without timing
shortish , good pace and YJB taps this one down respectfully
fired in straight , 137kph/85mph from BOWLER and worked to mid-on
gets away with this , short outside off and BATTER bludgeons it into the ground , but picks out the man set back at cover
comes across and taps this down into the covers
lovely line , hits a good length and squeaks past the outside edge , BATTER not quite sure whether to commit
short of a length , 126kph/78mph and defended on the back foot
good ball from BOWLER , hits the seam at 136kph and does him past the inside edge , bit of a waft from BATTER as he looked to swing through the line
pitched up , 136kph/84mph and BATTER aims a malevolent hit down the ground , thick-edges into his pads
goes back and across on off to defend
back of a length , BATTER calmly nudges it into the off side
shortish , tapped down into the off side
length ball , shuffles across and pokes into the covers
good line , extra bounce in the corridor , draws BATTER into a loose prod
over the wicket and angled across the bows , BATTER lets it go outside off
short of a length around off stump , 138kph/86mph and dabbed down into the covers
pitched up and driven , firm strike from YJB but he picks out extra cover
angled in on the stumps , YJB defends
length ball , good seam and this swings away after pitching , left alone in the channel
yorker length , whipped out to wide long-on ... realises there 's no chance of a second , and belatedly decides to turn down the single
shuffles across again looking to hit to the short side , bit of a half-volley , 88mph/142kph and BATTER ca n't get anything on it
slower ball outside off , faint outside edge goes through to FIELDER on the bounce
slower ball , straight , and defended back to the bowler via the glove
slower ball , does n't pick it at all , chipped agonisingly up in the air and short of point ! FIELDER did n't pick it up in time , and BOWLER gives him a bit of a volley for failing to make up the ground
slower ball , does n't read it out the hand and can only defend back towards
back of a length , defended out towards cover point
tries to use his feet but BOWLER darts this in , cramping him up
fired through , no width and tucked out to short midwicket
worked back to the bowler on the bounce
googly , does n't read it , flicks the back thigh and finds FIELDER on the half-volley at slip
fired down leg , gets low to sweep but ca n't beat short fine leg
tries to launch one over midwicket but can only hack it back to
nudged back to the bowler
length ball , tries to reverse-slog and is made to look like a mug , missing it completely
slower ball , runs his fingers down the side of it , and nudged to short midwicket
back of a length , prodded back down the pitch
uses his feet , looking to launch BOWLER over long-on , but can only skew him to FIELDER at mid-on on the bounce
punched out to cover on the bounce
good turn from outside off as Lucky looks to slash him over cover , and ca n't get bat on it
runs his fingers down the side of it , pressed to mid-on with a full face
back of a length , tucked off the hip to FIELDER at short midwicket
length ball , tucked out to short midwicket
slides on with the arm , looks to work into the leg side but mistimes it , and it drops at his feet
tickled towards mid-on
speared in with a round arm , bit of turn , beats the bat and strikes FIELDER in the chest after a bit of extra bounce
back of a length , defended out to FIELDER at cover
length ball on off stump , nurdled out to short midwicket
back of a length , bit of extra bounce , and steered out to point . 84mph/136kph
length ball pushed across the left-hander , left alone . 86mph/138kph
nudged out into the covers
driven back down the pitch to the bowler
smothers the spin lunging forward
hung wide of the off stump , no shot offered
beaten , 86mph/138kph , length outside off , and a little bit of movement in is enough to burst through between bat and pad
length outside off to start , little cutter , and BATTER misses out trying to cart it into next week over cover
pushed through on the stumps , defended
flatter , plays this off the back foot , again picks out the fielder inside the ring
BATTER presses out and works the ball to midwicket
over the wicket , tossed up and tucked to leg with the turn
turned leg side , BOWLER wears the throw on his shoulder at the non-striker 's as they pinch a single
floats up the legbreak around off stump , defended
oh , that 's a jaffa ! Sharp turn from a length for BOWLER , beats BATTER 's back-foot prod , but just clears the top of off stump
BATTER leans out and plays a stately tap into the leg side , like a Victorian gentleman moving some luggage with his cane
tossed up and clipped back to the bowler
lobbed up full on middle and leg , closes the face and nudged to midwicket
flighted , BATTER prods the legbreak back to the bowler
punched to extra cover coming forwards
floated up around off stump and tapped into the covers
floated up , spinning a touch on off and defended
flat outside off and dabbed into the covers
tossed up and swept straight to short fine leg
nudged away as he comes across
tossed up on middle and off , blocked
darted on off stump , BATTER again defends
floated up on off stump , prodded into the covers
googly , full outside off and BATTER plays the wrong line , beaten on the inside and FIELDER makes a juggling take ... no bat involved , though
lets this one go outside off stump
presses out to defend again
darted fuller and BATTER taps it away
pushed through on off stump , BATTER defends
on the stumps and tapped away
tossed up and BATTER comes across
this spins as BATTER closes the face , clips the leading edge and runs wide of slip
length ball , straightening a touch on off stump , BATTER defends watchfully
fired in from round the wicket , hits the back pad ... but heading down leg , I think
pushed through flatter and defended from back in the crease
full and straight , tucked off the front pad
pushed through on the stumps , BATTER defends
oh , nearly finds the outside edge , BATTER dabbing at BOWLER 's googly off the back foot
floated up full and straight , nearly over-balances looking to defend
tossed up and worked to the on side
pushed through and reversed towards short third man

floated up and tapped away to the off side
thuds into the front pad , gone first ball ! Googly again , BATTER missed it by a distance ... and after some deliberation , Shaun Geroge 's finger goes up ! Looked a bit leg side , but South Africa do n't have a review after BATTER 's failed use of the DRS a moment ago . But again there 's a hold up , BATTER told not to leave the field ... and then he signals for a review ! England do n't like this , they 're saying SA do n't have one left , but the umpires have called for it ... and Hawk-Eye shows the ball missing leg stump ! Roars from the crowd , BATTER gets a reprieve after all !
pushed through , clips the front pad , somehow misses the stumps ... ! Not given lbw , either , but England do n't review . Well , that looked close to me , but maybe spun too much
uses the feet , BATTER gets to the pitch and booms a flat drive , straight to FIELDER at mid-off and he has to scuttle back to his ground as the throw comes in
floated up and defended coming across
fired in straight , spinning a touch as BATTER attempts something funky , misses the ball as it flicks his pad on the way through to YJB
googly from BOWLER , clipping the leading edge as BATTER tried to play against the spin
bit quicker on middle and off , BATTER taps it to the off side and BOWLER moves across to field
flighted , over the wicket and pushed back towards the bowler
bit of flight , dipping as BATTER clips a drive straight back to the bowler
over the wicket , flighted outside off and tapped down as BATTER comes across
length ball , moves in sharply off the seam as BATTER looks to flay it through cover point , and it beats the top of his bat
length ball , looks to work into the leg side but can only nudged it back to CJ
length ball , pressed out towards mid-off
defended back down the pitch
fired through , nudged into the on side
shimmies down the pitch looking to tuck this out to midwicket , but only manages to push it back to BOWLER . He gathers in his follow-through
pushed through , full and just about inside the tramlines as BATTER shoulders arms
outswinger , left alone outside off stump
back of a length , steered out to point
bit of movement back in , nudged out into the off side
speared in much quicker on a length , steered out to midwicket
fullish , dug out towards mid-on for none
hung outside the off stump , left alone . 84mph/135kph
outswinger , steered out to backward point
very full , driven out to extra cover
back of a length , bit of turn , shapes to cut but can only carve it to cover
round-arm , bit of flight , inside edged into the pad and it skews away towards gully
length ball , pushed across him at 85mph/137kph . Left alone
left alone outside the off stump
pushed through fuller and tighter to the off stump , left alone
length outside off , left alone . 83mph/134kph
fullish on off stump , pushed out to wide mid-off
fullish on off stump , nudged out to cover
yorker length on sixth stump , 87mph/139kph , dug out into the off side
length ball , driven out to wide mid-off
pitched up , angling in towards the pads , tucked out to midwicket on the bounce
holds its line outside off , BATTER shoulders arms
flies through , 88mph/142kph , seams away from wide of the off stump as BATTER leaves it alone
length outside off , pushed out to extra cover on the back foot
holds its line on a length , 87mph/141kph , defended to mid-off
length on fifth stump , good bounce , 87mph/141kph , defended into the covers
length ball pushed across him , nudged out to mid-off with no real timing
outswinger , hoops away past the outside edge ... good seam movement from a length , and BOWLER is all over BATTER like a rash
nudged out into the covers
beaten ! Pitched up , BATTER 's feet are n't moving well as he looks to push down the ground , and there 's a bit of late swing away to fly past the edge
length ball outside off , driven out to cover
back of a length , 85mph/138kph , BATTER is jumping back in defence and BOWLER has the first maiden of his ODI career
back of a length ball , 87mph/140kph , BATTER looks to defend but can only inside edge into the body
length on sixth stump , defended back to the bowler
a touch fuller , fourth-stump line , tucked out to short midwicket and BATTER is sent back . The throw comes in and hits the stumps , but he 's comfortably home
88mph/141kph , BOWLER cranking the speed up , left alone outside off . Moves in off the seam this time , but wide enough to leave alone
holds its line , hung outside off and left alone . 87mph/140kph
length ball , hung outside off , BATTER shoulders arms
back of a length in the channel , rides the bounce to steer to cover point . 82mph/132kph
length on sixth stump , defended down the pitch
tighter line , back of a length , edged into the thigh and it drops down at his feet
outswinger on a length , 85mph/137kph , left alone . Good carry through to
length outside off , fenced out to cover where FIELDER makes a good stop to his left
outswinger on a length , hung outside the off stump and left alone
length ball , driven out to mid-off ... that 's the first time BATTER has got bat to ball !
back of a length , little offcutter this time and BATTER draws the bat inside the line at the last moment
back of a length , left alone with a flourish
beaten again ! You know the drill , length ball pushed across him , good bounce and a hint of movement away off the seam , and past the outside edge high on the bat
back of a length in the channel , defended back to the bowler on the back foot . 85mph/136kph
back of a length , a bit of extra bounce to strike the top of the splice as BATTER defends
hard length on fifth stump , 87mph/140kph , tucked out to wide mid-on
back of a length , fended out to cover off the back foot . 86mph/138kph
length outside off , 84mph/136kph , left alone
pushed a fraction wider , and BATTER shoulders arms . Maiden to start
beaten for a third time in the over ! BOWLER is all over BATTER , perfect length , BATTER is unsure whether to go forward or back and it angles away from his defensive shot and through to
pushed across him , left alone
beaten again ! FIELDER bit of nip away off the seam , BATTER looks to defend and misses it completely
beaten ! Shapes in , draws him into playing a defensive prod and it jags away off the seam and through to
outswinger on a length to start things off , 80mph/129kph , left alone
ideal line in the circumstances , very wide but not wide enough to be called a wide . BATTER flings the bat flat-footedly and misses
attempted pull by BATTER , but ca n't make proper contact . He 's not quite found his range today ...
on the up , pushed to cover
driven into the covers
bottom-handed biff into the covers
wide line , outside off , a Test-match leave from BATTER !
full-faced block to tighten the screw a touch on the new batsman
so close ! Angling into the left-hander , sliding on with the arm , and just past off stump !
fired into the pads , BATTER is trapped on the crease , but that 's sliding down
squared up on the back foot , and blocked back down the pitch
banged in short and defended
up on the toes , blotted out to cover
pushed onto the back foot and blocked
forward , and blocked
fully forward to block
open-faced drive to short cover
clunked to midwicket
back and across , a solid block on the back foot
cracked back to the bowler
half driven into the off side
squelch ! BATTER lines up a pull but gets that one painfully wrong . Wears it in the midriff like a man
head over the ball , solid defence
clubbed back past the bowler
chopped into the off side
full face of the bat in defence
a touch more expansive this time ! A big swish and a miss outside off
squeezed into the off side , aborted thoughts of a single
swept but not timed , dribbles to square leg
pitched up and drived to mid-off
back to tight lines from BOWLER , defended on off - just six off the over , West Indies need to string a few of these together
dug in back of a length , BATTER drops back and shows it a straight bat
short of a length , bit tight to cut and BATTER sends it to backward point
length ball on off stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat
steers this to backward point along the carpet
dropped ! Short and wide , BATTER cuts straight to backward point , but FIELDER drops a clanger ! Straight in and out ... Not what the doctor ordered for West Indies
hits a length on off , BATTER blocks back to the bowler
tossed up and tapped back down the track
tossed up and straightening on off stump , BATTER defends
pitched up on fourth stump and met with a firm front-foot block
another appeal for a stumping ... but looks like he 'll be okay again . Big swing across the line , FIELDER did the business behind the wicket , but Oxenford is again happy his foot is back
flighted , spinning away , dabbed to short fine leg
short ball , plays a jabbed pull straight to midwicket
length ball on the stumps , BATTER nudges it to midwicket
tossed up on the stumps and tapped back
flighted , straightening on off as BATTER goes back
lobbed up and poked into the covers
wheeling away on the stumps , glanced to short fine leg where FIELDER fields
floated up and tapped away
swing and a miss , FIELDER whips off the bails ... He seems confident , it goes upstairs to the TV umpire ! He had certainly stretched out of his ground , but did he get back ? Just a bit of boot behind the line , concludes Bruce Oxenford , so BATTER survives another chance
goes back and swipes into the off side
flatter , goes back and mistimes a pull
short of a length and dropped into the leg side
pitched up , 142kph/88mph and driven without timing to mid-off
dabbed to short third man
angling in with the arm , worked towards midwicket
swing and a miss from BATTER ... Was it a stumping chance ? FIELDER did n't take the ball cleanly , but I 'm not sure BATTER lifted his back foot
flat outside off , BATTER plays this very late , almost crouching in front of the wicket ... BATTER declines the run to short third man though
fuller , whipped straight to midwicket
short of a length , 128kph/80mph and the ball gets up on BATTER , hitting the splice as he tries to work across the line
so close ! BATTER rocks back for the cut but is beaten by the sharp pace , misses off stump by a whisker !
attempted nudge to leg , tight lines again
full-faced defence , back down the line of the ball . Not a lot of air on offer yet
on a good length , straight-bat jab to cover
back of a length , squeezed to third man
pushed back into the crease , clipped to mid-on
back of a length , attempted flick off the back foot , but not timed on this occasion
short and sharp , hits the seam and BATTER grimaces after being suckered into a rash swipe
bottom-handed tonk to mid-off , very full length
rapped on the gloves ! That just popped from a good length , as BOWLER uses his height well with a cutter . BATTER removes a glove and gets a bit of treatment , but he 's okay
fired down the leg side , but clips the pad on the way
angled into the off side
wide on the crease , punched into the off side
into line , and defended back down the pitch
toppling forward to block with a full face this time
angled bat , blotted into the off side as BOWLER uses the crease well
flipped to the leg side
back of a length , crunched on the up to point
swishes through to the keeper
a knee-high full toss , but he gets away with it , as a flick ends up going straight to short midwicket
cut into the cordon
fuller , straighter , a punch to mid-off
good wheels there ! 145.2kph apparently , and very straight , deflects off the knee-roll as BATTER shapes to leg
a muscular short-arm pull ... at thin air . Too full and straight for the stroke , and skims past the timbers
outside off , stabbed to point
good leave ! A very tight line from BOWLER , and left on length as much as anything else . Grazing over the off stump
outside off with good pace and late swing . Left alone
good wheels ! He 's a big unit and that swung from a full length , at a good lick . Left alone
looking to drive but the ball is n't quite there for the stroke . Squeezed to the leg side
skids on from a flat trajectory and BATTER is hurried on the back foot
outside off , nudged to point
looped onto a good length and blocked
full and straight , he reverse-swipes across the line again , hit on the pad - and the finger goes up ! BATTER reviews , though , and he seems to have hit it . There 's a delay with UltraEdge , which then shows wobbly lines everywhere , but the pictures are pretty clear that he got some bottom edge on it and the decision is overturned . BATTER does n't get his run , though , and has to return to the striker 's end
slower ball , over the top of off as BATTER goes across and swipes unsuccessfully
low full toss , 138kph/86mph and BATTER bunts it straight back to him
better length , defended on off
pitched up , again goes full and wide and he ca n't do anything with it
goes full and wide and BATTER swings without moving his feet , fails to connect
skipping on , over the stumps as BATTER pokes at it and is beaten !
tossed up outside off and BATTER does n't connect properly with a reverse-sweep
slower ball on off stump , poked back to the bowler
lobbed up outside off , BATTER works to the on side and BOWLER hares after it
full and wide and BATTER again fails to connect with a mighty yahoo
slower ball , foxes the batsman as he heaves hard and nearly over balances
goes full , fast and wide of the stumps , BATTER gets a toe-end as he stands stock still and swings
shortish outside off , BATTER gets a bottom edge swinging hard , bobbles through to the keeper
loops up the googly , nice and slow outside off and BATTER swings and misses , trying to give it the old heave-ho over midwicket
googly , outside off and BATTER is beaten going back
pushed through , this sneaks up on BATTER and he fends it away playing back
flighted , possibly a googly and BATTER gets a leading edge , falls short of the man on the edge of the ring at short third man
flat on off stump and punched to extra cover on the back foot
floated up on off , tapped away
pushed through and dabbed down to the off side , BATTER declines the a tight single
lobbed up and poked away
tossed up and jabbed into the off side
nicely flighted googly , spins across the forward prod and hits the back pad
fired into the tramlines , just the right side as BATTER looks expectantly for the wide call
taking the pace off , BATTER mistimes a cut
pitched up , slower ball outside off and dabbed towards point
pushes through a googly , past the outside edge as he goes back
floated up on leg stump , paddled to the man on the edge of the ring
BOWLER continues to toss up googlies outside leg , tapped back to the on side as the bowler fields
pitched up and clipped off the toes to midwicket
short ball , taking the pace off and it bounces more than expected , BATTER has to drop the hands and get his mug out of the way
comes across and works to leg
finishes with another Bosie , clips the leading edge as BATTER tries to work across the line ... wo n't get his hundred just yet
another wrong'un , outside leg and spinning to hit the outer half of BATTER 's bat as he prods forward
over the wicket , slips in the googly straight away , past the bat as BATTER hangs back
attempted yorker , comes out as a very straight full toss . Flicked to mid-on , but the Boss is having none of the quick single
a massive wipe , and up goes the finger ! BOWLER was convinced of the edge , but BATTER reviews . If there was a noise , it was n't bat . Not out !
well bowled , attacking the inner edge of the tramlines , BATTER leaves alone , hoping for the wide but that earns a round of applause from
splatted to mid-on , and inches short of FIELDER ! Banged in short , a firm downwards pull . Nearly !
slower ball , and beats another swoosh
crunched to cover , good areas from BOWLER , wide and full , demanding the drive , rather than the swipe
wide line , avoiding BATTER 's arc of contempt , and toe-ended to the off side
angling away from the left-hander
punched on the up to the off side
dabbed down to third man
onto the back foot , nudged to the leg side
dabbed into the covers
sliding past the leg stump , but that may have clipped the pads to spare BOWLER the wide
yorker length , slower ball , poked to cover
chopped down into the crease , and over the stumps ! BOWLER persists with the short line , into the body , cramping the pull
a swish and a miss , BATTER twirled into another monster pull but the ball hopped over his blade
dabbed down to the gully
opens the face , excellent pounce from FIELDER at backward point . That 's one run he 's recouped at least ...
wide line , another finger-roller , chopped down into the crease
slower ball , rolling the fingers on an offcutter , dabbed to cover
fuller length from round the wicket , an inside-edged drive to square leg
bouncer , on a wide line , but gets away with it
firmly thumped on the up , back at BOWLER who gets a good hand on it to intercept
very full , tailing across the left-hander from wide on the crease , towards the off stump . Blocked
fuller length , tighter line , skidding on to a defensive prod
turning into the pads , square leg gathers
tapped to point off the back foot
pressed into the off side
back of a length , squeezed to cover
makes room once more , slapping the slower ball to short cover
short and ducks under it with little fuss
clears the front leg , round-house wipe to the leg side , but not quite timed
slides on outside off , beaten on the nurdle
dragged down the pitch by a wide one , and the umpires are checking the stumping . Nope , his foot is safely anchored
outside off , bit of skid off the deck on a wide line , beats a late gliding cut
on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
big turn from back of a length , BATTER forced back into the crease to waft to the leg side
steered out to point
pushed through and met with BATTER 's woodchopper defending on the front foot
quicker ball , skidding on outside off , into FIELDER 's gloves
round the wicket , tossed up and defended on the move
banged in back of a length , BATTER defends down into the on side
good length on off , 84mph and he settles for defence
dug in short , BATTER does n't fancy this one , ducks the challenge
goes for an expansive drive , clips the inside edge and runs square
darted in on off stump , blocked
quicker and flatter , BATTER presses out again
pushed through and played into the covers
goes back this time and defends on off
in the channel , taking the pace off , BATTER lets it go
shortish , 131kph/80mph and this is poked towards backward point
BATTER comes across on off and defends
quicker outside off , BATTER goes back and defends
pushed through on the stumps , dabbed towards mid-on
BATTER uses the feet but clips straight to midwicket
tossed up from round the wicket , BATTER defends
good length , steered towards backward point coming across
cutter from BOWLER , defended into the covers
floated up and blocked into the covers coming forward
nicely bowled , this grips a touch and spins through to the keeper as BATTER plays the wrong line
nicely flighted , not much turn and BATTER defends
tossed up and pushed back down the track
back of a length , 141kph/88mph , climbing to hit the splice as BATTER blocks again
good length on the stumps and defended
fired in over off stump and BATTER defends it carefully
good length outside off , shaping away a touch and BATTER lets it go
bowled into the pitch , BATTER backs away and slaps to mid-on
full , rolling his fingers over it , right up in the blockhole but BATTER can only bunt it to midwicket
pitched up , BATTER strokes a crisp drive but picks out mid-off
fired in straight and blocked into the off side
lobs back up , but BOWLER ca n't quite get there in his follow through ! Tucked up by the pace , trying to flick to the leg side
short of a length , BATTER tries to follow suit and open up a can up whup-ass ... Fails to lay bat on it . Clocked at 147kph/91mph , that one
taking the pace off , BATTER waits on it and taps into the covers
86mph rising around fourth stump , defended from the crease
tight lines from BOWLER , BATTER clamps down on it
slightly short , 90+mph and jabbed down towards backward point
testing lines , this draws BATTER into pushing outside off as the ball comes in with the arm , past the outside edge
touch short and rising to hit the splice of the bat as he blocks towards point
length ball , maybe taking the pace off , BATTER defends
on the stumps , tapped away to the off side
back of a length and tucked off the hip , BATTER declines the run , though ... and BATTER slips , but makes it back as the throw comes in
touch shorter and tucked to the on side
length ball , straightens a touch , thudding into the pads ... Not given ! Maybe high again ? Looked to have pitched in line Scratch that , it pitched outside leg . No review from England
lickety-split , 143kph/89mpg in the channel and BATTER lets it go
pitched up and pushed towards cover , a gentle giant hand-selecting which sheep he would like to eat first
beaten in the channel , length ball zipping through past the dangled bat
full on middle and off , BOWLER taking pace off now as BATTER defends
length ball , holding its line outside off , BATTER lets it go
another cutter from BOWLER , extra bounce as BATTER starts to come down and then shoulders arms
nipping back , BOWLER looking sharp again , this clips the back thigh pad as BATTER fails to get his bat down in time
back of a length , thudding into BATTER 's ( presumably diamante encrusted ) box . Oof ... The big man gives it a rub and prepares to go again
pitched up and zipping through as BATTER steps out and leaves
some swing , this straightens to rap BATTER on the back leg ... ! Think it was going over , just a strangled appeal from the England players
slightly back of a length , room to free the arms but he chops a cut straight to backward point
fuller , hung out in the channel , BATTER presses on to the front foot and lets it go
top of off , no signs of swing , BATTER dead-bats towards mid-on coming across
starts on a good line just outside off , back of a length and rising through as BATTER shoulders arms watchfully
speared into the toes , ca n't get it away
outside off , flogged to point . The end of a match-defining over , surely . It 's all on BATTER now ...
up on the toes , punched to point . A precious dot ...
a fine finish to the over , as BATTER pokes limply outside off at a good length ball in the channel . Nevertheless , England made a dent in that over
good riposte ! Climbing off the deck , past the edge
yorker , well bowled , BATTER wants the single as he kills the ball at his feet but BOWLER responds quicker than
a wild whoosh outside off ! Ca n't make contact there !
big appeal again , but that pitched outside leg and had some inside-edge involved
brilliant finish from BOWLER ! A pinpoint yorker , tailing into the toes and BATTER can only dead-bat it down into the crease
full length , angling into the stumps , looking for the single to short midwicket but it 's not there
eased out to cover
head right over the ball . BOWLER 's spell is through . And it could have been even more game-changing !
back of a length , slapped to short cover and FIELDER spills a sitter ! Oh my word , it is all happening now !
well bowled again , a looping legbreak , nudged to the off side
looped up and tucked to the leg side
back of a length , a massive appeal and a review for caught behind ! BOWLER is convinced . A tentative poke outside off , but nope , there 's no bat involved
yorker , and just about dug out ! Yikes . The toe of BATTER 's bat saves the day !
turning back into the left-hander on a full length , blocked down into the crease
onto the front foot , crunched to cover
fired in flat and chopped to backward point
slower ball , low full toss , patted back to the bowler
zipping through a touch flatter , and pushed to cover
forward and defended back down the pitch
attempted reverse sweep , again , he misses out
reverse-pull , straight to short backward square
attempted pull , and nearly pulls one onto his timbers ! The ball bobbles down into the crease
back of a length , into line to defend
through to the keeper , a cunning slower ball
something expansive , but does n't come off ! Gets away with a toe-end to the leg side
another attempted reverse sweep , again no contact
fuller and straighter , pushed back up the pitch
attempted reverse pull , misses out
short of a length and tucked down to the leg side
length ball on off stump , punched square
tossed up and spinning away , FIELDER whips off the bails
BATTER skips out again , like a boxing kangaroo , and swings hard at a short ball , picks out mid-off
pitched up , maybe another cutter and BATTER pokes it back to the bowler
shortish and driven in front of square , taken by FIELDER on the bounce
back of a length , punched towards mid-on where FIELDER stretches out a spidery arm to grab it
hits a length , bowling over the wicket and turned off the front pad
makes the move down early , dropped a touch short and BATTER can only steer it to backward point
pitched up and punched into the covers on the front foot
tight lines and BATTER taps into the off side
shortish on off , poked in front of square
punched into the covers , BATTER declines the possibility of a run
advances , trying to disrupt BOWLER 's length , slapped with a horizontal bat to mid-off
back of a length over off stump , defended
good length around fourth stump , BATTER defends
shortish and dabbed down towards backward point
back of a length , BATTER draws himself up and swings hard , well stopped by the stooping FIELDER at extra cover

round the wicket , stays back and steers the ball towards point
flighted , worked with the turn
goes for the reverse-sweep , does n't quite get hold of it and this time FIELDER fields safely at backward point , gets a cheer from the Barmies
floated up and nudged into a gap at midwicket
flighted , spinning down the line of leg stump and BATTER goes back
flat offbreak on off stump and BATTER blocks it
angled in with the arm and patted into the covers
darted on the pads and this is clipped square
presses out and defend
turned off the pads , no run there
goes back to cut and is beaten
sliding down the leg side , BATTER expecting it to be called wide ... maybe flicked the pad ?
tossed up on off stump and defended
tossed up and turning to hit the front pad as BATTER presses out
pushed through and punched to mid-on off the back foot
pushed through and BATTER goes back and across to defend
BATTER presses out and to defed
pushed through as BATTER goes for the reverse-sweep , BOWLER asks the question this time
nicely bowled again , some turn and bounce as BATTER lunges out
shout for lbw again , this spins in as BATTER plungers forward , some inside edge saves him !
slow and loopy , better lines from BOWLER , tapped back
floats up the legbreak , BATTER is hit in front reverse-sweeping and BOWLER goes up ... Taken by the keeper , but was there anything on it ? Looks like it came off the arm
angling in and punched back
pushed back down the track
floated up on off stump , BATTER covers the line
floated up on off stump and blocked
flighted , spinning in and worked to the on side
floated up , fuller and tighter to off stump , defended
full on off , tapped away
tossed up and defended coming across
poked back to the bowler
dug in , 147kph/91mph and BATTER pulls , bit of a miscue and it rolls to mid-on
back of a length and tapped to the off side
bit more loop on this one , tucked to midwicket
darted down outside off , BATTER cuts off the back foot to point
comes across and punches back to the bowler
short and sharp , tight to the body and that 's well directed
banged in hard , back of a length , but not a lot of pace off the wicket , in spite of his mighty unit
back of a length , flogged back to the bowler . That 's a fine over to tighten the screw after the wicket
full face of the bat , pushed to the off side
head over the ball , defended once more
forward to defend
outside off , snags the edge but just short ! FIELDER is too deep at slip and ca n't stoop in time
weight forward to defend this time
opens the face , eased into the covers . BOWLER is up to 147kph with that ball
cracked on the up to cover
pushed down to mid-off
big turn from a very wide line ! BATTER is lured into a slap out of FIELDER 's rough , and it grips past the inside edge . Interesting ...
outside off , through to the keeper
back of a length , punched to cover
fuller length , angled to the legs , clipped to midwicket
an open-faced thump to point
well bowled ! Angled in , passes the edge on a full length as BATTER is trapped on the crease
solid block , and pushed back down the pitch from back of a length
opens the face , driving out to point from back of a length
full length , tight line , solid block
clipped off the pads to the leg side
beauty ! Full length , tight line , zips through to the keeper
full length , wide line , through to the keeper
crashed to cover , just a hint of width
on the back foot , tucked to midwicket
solid block , head over the ball , into the covers
rising onto the toes to punch a back-foot drive to cover
beaten outside off . That 's well bowled , fuller than perhaps BATTER was expecting , and grazing past a tentative poke
firmly defended into the off side
solid block into the off side
rising outside off stump , defended down to point with a loud `` no run ! ''
hopping into line to defend to leg once more
on the pads , tucked to midwicket
yorker , and well directed . Stabbed to the leg side with a closed face
punched into the covers off the front foot
defended on the back foot to the off side
better line this time , wide of off stump but not wide enough to be called . A handy dot
defended on the back foot into the covers
dangled outside off , and BATTER has a nibble . This one keeps going away from the bat
on the back foot , tucked to the leg side
tight line , on the back foot , squeezed out to cover
solidly into line , and defended
outside off , no stroke this time
angled down the leg side , BATTER muffs his attempted pull , but fortunately for him the deflection into the keeper 's gloves comes from hip rather than bat
outside off , through to the keeper
on the back foot , dabbed into the off side
outside off , lovely shape on a tight line . Bending half a bat 's width away and left alone with good carry
outside off , a fraction shorter and on a tighter line . Through to the keeper
full and straight , defended on off stump
outside off , zipping through to the keeper
length ball veering in past leg stump as BATTER aims a filthy yahoo and fails to connect !
short and rolling his fingers over the ball , BATTER pulls out of his pull short
full , but the line is wider , swing and a miss this time
pitched up , full and wide and clubbed to extra cover
dug in , 139kph/86mph bouncer and it veers back like an angry buzzard causing BATTER to bail out
full and shaping away from a leg-stump line , smacked back baseball style but BOWLER gets down to it in his follow-through
banged in , tasty little bumper and BATTER has to bob out of the way
excellent line , 134kph/83mph outside off and nipping off the deck as BATTER dabs at it and is beaten
gets this to shape away at 140kph/87mph and BATTER swings hard but fails to connect
pitched up at 145kph , BATTER gets the toe of the bat down to squirt the ball to midwicket
speared in straight , struck on the pads - but Oxenford shakes his head again ! He 's not giving one , is he ? Looked pretty close to leg stump , but England have no reviews , remember
full and driven , BATTER backing away but he picks out mid-off , who fires a throw with BATTER backing up ... No drama this time
again taking the pace off , out the back of the hand and the ball stops and kicks to clip BATTER 's back leg
slower ball , dupes him into an uppish drive , lands just in front of FIELDER at extra cover ... Nearly
pitched up and stabbed to backward point , another dot ball
full , 130kph/81mph and flipped off the toes to midwicket
comes across and steers to the ball towards point
length ball , 146kph/91mph and swerving back , BATTER does well to get some bat on it
short of a length , defended back down the track
good length , 133kph/82mph and it holds up , hitting the bat label as BATTER loops a punch up but short of mid-off
length ball on off , tapped gently into the covers
back of a length , well-directed at the ribs and BATTER gets his hands out of the way
fired in and swatted to mid-off , hit too hard to get one
width on the slower ball , a big wind-up but slapped on the bounce to backward point
round the wicket , angled in towards the off stump
well bowled again , hitting the deck hard from over the wicket , and there 's just nothing to work with once it reaches BATTER at torso height
dabbed to cover
firmly forward on a good length
big appeal from England as BATTER flashes at another short ball ... but no reaction from umpire Oxenford
another slow bouncer , a big wind-up , but the ball just is n't there for the shot
a swish and a miss ! A roundhouse pull as BOWLER bashes the pitch from back of a length , but this does n't get up as expected
fully onto the front foot , and pushed to cover
sliding into the knee-roll as it spins from a leg-stump line
round the wicket , solid in defence
round the wicket , very full length , speared into the toes , and flogged to mid-off
on the legs , worked square
hopping across the crease to block back down the pitch
hauled into the leg side with a cross-batted wipe . Good variety from
outside off , and cracked to point , gathered with a tumble
clipped off the legs , to short midwicket
firmly forward and blocked to the off side
huge appeal and up goes the finger ! BATTER is reviewing , it rapped his knee-roll pretty squarely , but was it sliding down ? Actually , that 's academic , as there 's an inside edge !
straightens on a middle-and-leg line from round the wicket . Defended
head over the ball , firmly forward to defend
on the pads , lobbed into the leg side , BOWLER gives chase but ca n't intercept
full length , and dug out of the toes
leg-sided , a slither of bat but ca n't get it past the tumbling keeper
well bowled from BOWLER ! Rolled his fingers on the slower ball , BATTER was through his shot early and nearly popped a return catch . Inches short ...
outside off , and blocked into the covers
another googly , big spin , FIELDER pounces at mid-on
width on the googly , tossing it out there and tempting the big wipe . Cracked to cover once more
flogged to short cover
huge appeal and the umpires are looking at the stumping ! That was classy from BOWLER , fizzing it through faster and flatter , and though BATTER 's toe was dragging ... he might have got it back in time . There 's enough doubt for this to be not out .
sliding into the pads , clipped firmly to FIELDER at a very square midwicket
banged in short , outside off , pushed to point
full faced block into the off side
working round the front pad , not picking the wrong'un as it slaps him on the thighpad
tucked to the leg side
firmly forward and defended
outside off , through to the keeper , good tight lines with the slower ball this time
solidly into line
drilled on the up to the off side
pushed into the covers , on a full length again
tapped to the leg side , working with the spin
lovely googly ! Lots of flight , on a perfect length , and zips past the edge !
short and sharp , BATTER ducks
full length , angled into the pads , tucked to leg
hello , having a wipe , and beaten by the googly ! Well bowled
forward , on a good length
back of a length , BATTER hops back and across to defend into the off side
chopped out to point
dangles the bat , through to the keeper
pushed back into the crease , and nudged to the leg side
sharper delivery from BOWLER ! Whistles through an abortive pull as BATTER misreads the length
swished through the line , dribbles back to the bowler
tailing in from back of a length , blocked in front of middle and off
banged in short , BATTER sways inside the line
length ball on off , steered towards point
fourth-stump line , 133kph and BATTER dabs it in front of point , sets off ... and gets sent back by his creaky-kneed partner . Almost a hint of a flounce from BATTER , there , as he returned to his ground !
fullish length on the pads , BATTER clips it towards midwicket
full , not quite a half-volley and BATTER drives without driving to extra cover
dug in back of a length , maybe a cutter over off stump , blocked up on the toes
fullish and sliding into the pads , runs behind square but BATTER is loudly calling `` No ! No ! No ! '' and BATTER gets back
in the channel , 136kph/84mph and BATTER lets this one go
pitched up and blocked on off stump
taking the pace off , extra bounce as BATTER hang back
pitched up and driven to mid-off
dragged down a touch , BATTER flat-bats it back to the bowler
tossed up and defended on off
dances down , BATTER tries to sweep and gets into a tangle , nearly dragging the ball on to his stumps ... ! FIELDER managed to juggle it between his knees and complete the catch , he then asks the question , thinking it may have flicked glove on the way through . England decide to review , and this could be close . Definitely flicks the pad , but what about the glove ; UltraEdge is required , but seems to be taking an age to process . Ah , here we go , looks like it brushed BATTER 's sweat band , which is n't part of the glove , so he 'll be okay . Ball-tracking shows it missing leg , England lose their review and , after all that , on we go !
flighted , drifting in from round the wicket , gets an inside edge on to pad
tighter line , over the top of off , defended
angled across , BATTER dabs it down towards point and then sends BATTER back as the fielder hares up and has a shy at the non-striker 's end
cutter , full and wide , BATTER ca n't get the bat down on it in time
goes back on the stumps and defends
flat offbreak , BATTER rocks back and cracks the ball straight to cover
floated up , this one turns sharply , past the forward prod from
short of a length and blocked on off
over the stumps , coming back in as BATTER frees the arms but picks out cover with a muscly slap
in the channel , 147kph , comes across and steers this square
tries to skip down , the earth shaking beneath his feet .. but the ball skids into his pads as he aims a heave to leg
slightly flatter and quicker , defended
tossed up and poked on the front foot
on off stump and tapped back
floated up and defended coming forwards
full on off , defended into the ground and BOWLER takes the catch above his head
bit of nip in the channel , quick offcutter from BOWLER and BATTER is nowhere near it
good length , 151kph/93mph this time , BATTER defends into the covers
back of a length , 145kph/90mph and BATTER backs away , swings hard ... but can only toe-end to extra cover
tight lines from round the wicket , defended on off
slower ball , out the back of the hand and BATTER pokes at it , misses
comes across and pushes this towards point
good length around the line of off , BATTER again pats it back down the track
short ball , 143kph/89mph and rearing towards the throat , BATTER is flexible enough to limbo out of the way
BOWLER hurls his javelin and collapses to the ground in his follow through , BATTER defending on off
over the top of off , 144kph/90mph and this one is defended respectfully
nicely bowled , quick and coming back in with the angle , BATTER drives loosely and is beaten
BATTER takes a step out and tries to put the hammer down ... but only manages a thick inside edge on to his front pad
length ball on the stumps and nudged to leg
plants the front foot and defends towards point
in the channel , BOWLER hits the seam and wobbles the ball past the outside edge , BATTER feeling uncertainly for it
pitched up , 142kph/88mph and met half forward , punched into the ground towards cover
bit of nip away in the channel , BATTER lets this go
round the wicke , over the top of off , BATTER defends ... BOWLER hovering around the 143kph mark
this one goes on , slightly scrambled seam and it zips through past the outside edge
on the stumps , 132kph and shaping in a touch , defended
diligent lines from BOWLER , again BATTER settles for deferential blocking
length ball , 133kph/82mph and holding its line around middle and leg , tapped down
pitched up , hint of inswing and BATTER defends on off stump
through him like a greased pig ! Extra pace from BOWLER , 147kph/91mph and BATTER is late on it , the ball nipping back to clip the thigh pad on its way through . Fizzy !
round the wicket , dug in short of a length and defended on off
hits a length , 143kph/89mph this time , tempting line out wide of the stumps but BATTER again watches it through
fired across the bows from over the wicket , 139kph and BATTER again joins the dots
good length , 141kph/88mph a touch wide of the stumps , BATTER lets it go first up
pushes through the googly , into the gloves and FIELDER whips off the bails
bouncer from BOWLER , skidding through at 142kph , BATTER ducks
fired full and wide of the stumps , a low full toss but BATTER only succeed in getting a thin edge through on the bounce
good length and nipping away off the pitch , into the gloves
tapped down and BATTER sends BATTER back , as BOWLER scuttles across and throws at the non-striker 's end
dragged down as BATTER jumps out , miscues a cut into the ground
flighted , a touch leg side and BATTER heaves , takes it on the body
short ball , over fourth stump as BATTER crouches out of the way
back of a length , chopped into the ground back to the bowler
floated up , BATTER gets a thick inside edge trying to hit through cover
flighted , this spins a touch , BATTER defends on off stump
pushed through and BATTER goes back to cut , finds short third man
cutter , BATTER steps outside off and attempts a cheeky scoop over his own head ... only to wear the ball on the armpit ! Not quite the effect he was aiming for
tight stuff from BOWLER and BATTER can only push back to the bowler
speared full and wide , scudding through as BATTER fails to connect again
full , wide and right on the tramline as BATTER throws the bat and misses
flighted on off , gripping and defended
tossed up and straightening outside off , cut off the back foot to short third man
loops up the googly , BATTER heaves across the line and takes the blow on the shoulder
tosses up the googly , BATTER gets in a right pickle but manages to keep it out
flighted , BATTER goes back to cut and is beaten
fired in full , worked to short midwicket
lobs up the googly , BATTER goes for the big heave-ho and deflects the ball on to his pads
pushed through and defended on off stump
lobbed up , full and dipping to hit the front pad , England go up for lbw ... Oxenford shakes his head , that was a googly but maybe doing too much
back of a length , on the body and tapped down to leg , BATTER sends him back
short on fourth stump , 131kph/81mph and BATTER defends
angled in and tucked to the on side
good length , this just grips a touch , passes the outside edge
poked out to backward point , a good probing length , testing BATTER 's patience as he continues to bed in for the long haul
rolls the fingers on a length ball outside off , hops past the outside edge . Solid over so far ...
another well-directed yorker from BOWLER , inside-edged into the pads
well bowled , wide line , good length , zips past a wafty drive
firm block , full face , gathered at mid-off
round the wicket , a slower ball to start , right up to the toes and blocked
angled across BATTER , but inside the tramlines , that 's a fine delivery
well bowled , full and straight , defended down into the crease
beaten by a big googly and it 's a review of the stumping ! Now then , this is massive ... FIELDER looks a bit disappointed , but the toe is so close to the line ... but not out is the call !
full length , wide line , BATTER dangles his bat but ca n't make contact
full-faced defence , on the back foot , pressed to mid-off
well bowled , very full , bending into BATTER 's toes , stabbed down into the crease
crashed to mid-on , BATTER has lost his shape a touch in his last few mows . BOWLER 's cross-seamers mixing it up well
smashed on the up into the covers again , but on the bounce to mid-off . A good cutter , taking the pace off that one
smacked across the line , and midwicket intercepts this time
full and straight , angling in from wide on the crease . Solid defence right in front of the stumps
chipped in the air , but on the bounce to mid-off . Full and straight , good areas from BOWLER , and that 's another peaceful over notched up for England
tight to the pads , a cross-seamer zipping off the deck . Too high for the lbw , but just adding to the sense of a side that has got a grip at last ...
a swipe across the line , but bounces just short of mid-on . Intent , but a lack of execution
firm defence on the front foot . BOWLER keeps it tight
round the wicket , very full once more , stout block down into the crease . This is one hell of a spell
full-faced defence . Respectful serenity descends on St George 's as this match briefly attains normality
round the wicket , good wheels from BOWLER , pushing BATTER back into the crease for a solid block
angled bat , out to point
on the pads , a good restrictive line to Mr Levers esq . Tucked to backward square
full and straight , pushed to the leg side
better ball to finish , sliding on from round the wicket , defended down into the crease
poked into the off side
another short ball , another good head-hunter . A good finish to another bruising over
bouncer , well directed this time , BATTER ducks
good area to start things off , from round the wicket . Patted to cover
on the back foot , defended to the off side
on the back foot , dabbed to mid-on
short and wide , a googly , chopped off a toe-end to short cover
round the wicket , angled into the pads , tapped off the hips to square leg
fully forward , and blocked back down the track
outside leg , swept with intent but only to the man on the 45
tossed up on the legs , brave line to the big man , but BATTER is too cramped to swing the arms
sliding through from back of a length , chopped into the covers
slower ball , BATTER makes room and hammers a cut to cover on the bounce
tossed up , possibly a googly to start and BATTER defends it
dug in , well-directed and at an awkward height , BATTER gets low in the crease to stays clear
back of a length and pulled off the hip , finds the fielder
tight lines and BATTER can only tap it away
stays in the crease and pokes square on the off side
off-stump line , BATTER steers it into the covers
back of a length , BATTER jumps across and pats it down
taken ! Brilliant one-handed catch from the leaping FIELDER at mid-on , but it counts for nothing . Does prevent any further damage to BOWLER ' figures , though
back of a length , 137kph/85mph and BATTER chops down on it , rolls just off the cut strip
BOWLER lands a full bunger up by BATTER 's boot , ca n't do much with that
banged in at 145kph/90mph and BATTER rides it - just a single off the 10th over , as West Indies end the Powerplay on a not-too-shabby-but-still-off-the-rate 75-2
spears in the yorker now , 89mph but the Boss digs it out
another bumper , good wheels and BATTER ca n't lay bat on it swiping across the line
dug in short , 144kph/89mph outside off , BATTER flails at a pull and misses
short and targeting the batsman , BATTER thinks about pulling and then bails out
length ball on off , 131kph/81mph and BATTER dabs it down to cover-point
pitched up , punched towards extra cover
stays back and steers this away square on the off side
pitched up , 139kph/87mph and driven to mid-off
good length on off , BATTER dabs into the covers and thinks about one ... then remembers who his partner is
pitched up , slower delivery from BOWLER , driven to cover
length ball , straightening a touch and BATTER again takes it on the pads ... BOWLER likes it , but Bruce Oxenford is n't interested . Probably pitched outside leg
skidding on from back of a length , thuds into the knee roll as BATTER hangs back ... Half an appeal for lbw from
over the wicket , length on the stumps , BATTER defends to the on side
length on the pads and BATTER prods it away
shortish , fourth/fifth stump and BATTER leaves again
good pace again , 141kph and he lets this go outside off
sizzling ! Back of a length and rising past the bat , BATTER just managing to get everything out of the way
banged in , 145kph/90mph down the leg side , maybe just flicked the trousers
full , 138kph on off stump , defended
slower delivery , full of a length and BATTER pats it watchfully back
back of a length , 142kph/88mph over off stump , BATTER defends
fired in straight , worked off the pads
back of a length , driven towards backward point
back of a length , taking the pace off and it 's pulled flat for a single this time
tight on off stump , straightening a touch and pushed to point
cutter from BOWLER , clattered off the back foot but well stopped on the dive at cover point
dug in short , seems to surprise BATTER a little , who nevertheless gets his dukes up and rides the bounce
angled across on a length and BATTER taps it square on the off side
back of a length , this zips through past the inside edge as BATTER flays away
short outside off , clears the front foot and slaps hard , slightly uppishly but picks out cover on the bounce
takes the pace off this time , a foot outside off , the batsman dabs at it and misses
bit of width , 137kph/85mph and BATTER lashes it hard but straight to cover
pitched up outside off , 139kph/87mph and shaping in a touch , BATTER leaves it be
reverse sweep , but BATTER ca n't reach the wide line
full length , stabbed into the off side . Eerie calm as a dot ball ensues
very full , outside off , cuffed to cover
full and straight , well dug out as BOWLER finds his length this time
wide line outside off , a swing and a miss from BATTER , who is still seeking that elusive hundred
rolls the fingers on a slower ball , and it 's just four runs off the over . A modicum of respite for West Indies
through to the keeper . Two dot balls !
full length , thumped to short cover
well bowled , on a wide line , just inside the guidelines , left alone
wide line , a hint of outswing , but too wide for the umpire 's liking
battered hard and low to cover
full length , wide line , ca n't connect with a wafty flog into the off side
crashed to long-on . Low full toss , but ca n't get it away
advancing out of the crease , pressed into the off side
slower ball , angling into BATTER and ghosting past a loose push
slides back for the cut , ca n't connect this time
low full foss , angled into the stumps , gathered in the leg side again
closes the face on impact , steered to midwicket
angled into the pads , round the wicket once more to cramp the left-hander
pinged from a full length back down the pitch
leaning forward and blocked to the off side
sliding back and across , angled to the leg side again
full length , on leg stump , clipped to midwicket
advancing out of the crease , tucked to the leg side once more
attempted inside-outer , but that 's a very good ball in the circumstances , a yorker zeroed in on middle stump , and BATTER does well to adjust and dab his reverse clip to backward square
worked off the pads , loops into the leg side
feints to leg , resumes his stance , ca n't quite get the leg glance away
full face of the bat , pressed back down the pitch to the bowler
outside off , chopped to point again , off the back foot
back of a length , attempted clatter through the covers , under-edged into the pitch
outside off , attempted carve through the off side , misses out
over the wicket , BATTER flicks with the spin but sends it to short fine leg - decent over for WI , that
tight lines , punched back to the bowler
floated up and worked to midwicket
driven to the on side , BOWLER nearly sends himself to the treatment room barreling past BATTER to field
tossed up and pushed back towards the bolwer
tapped away square on the off side
gives this a bit of air and BATTER gets a thick edge into his pads aiming a drive
flighted , comes forward and pushes into the covers
pushed back down the track
lets go a loopy full toss , but again he picks out cover with a bunt
tossed up and straightening outside off , BATTER goes across and sweeps but finds the fielder
pushed through and tucked to midwicket
skidding into the pads this time , stifled appeal for lbw
steps across and taps the ball back on off stump
goes back and steers this square
pushed through and BATTER gets a bottom edge into the turf cutting
punched back to the bowler
turned to square leg , BATTER declines the run this time
flat delivery , worked off the pads
pushed through on the stumps and clipped to midwicket
length ball around off stump , driven towards mid-off
tight lines and tapped into the covers
full outside off , 130kph and driven crisply but straight to cover
short of a length around fourth stump , straight-batted back past the bowler , but mid-off comes across
steps out and pushes into the covers
length , 131kph/81mph on off stump , maybe a cutter and again BATTER is happy blocking
BATTER comes across and pokes towards backward point
pitched up and tapped back down the track , BOWLER fields in his follow through and gives the batsman a squint
good length , 130kph/80mph and Hale shows it a straight bat
looped into the leg side , maybe stopped a touch on BATTER as he tried to push through the line
good length on off , patted back towards mid-off . BATTER biding his time , too
fuller length in the channel , again BATTER ca n't do anything with it - good return from
pitched up , tight lines from BOWLER and this is defended back down the track
comes across and taps down towards point
short of a length , 134kph/83mph over the top of off , BATTER defends
full on leg stump , maybe a cutter and BATTER can only bunt it to midwicket
lets this one go outside off
back of a length , hits the splice as BATTER across across and defends
stays back and taps down to the on side
fired in a touch straighter and BATTER prods it back down the track
gets forward and pushes into the covers
round the wicket , BOWLER coaxes just a little life from the surface , nibbles through past the outside edge
angled across from over the wicket , BATTER watches this one through
banged in on a length around off stump , defended coming forwards
over the top of middle stump , tucked to midwicket
slower delivery , stroked to point coming forwards
short of a length outside off , BATTER steps across and cuts , gets a thick bottom edge
length ball , 133kph on off , BATTER pushes it towards mid-off
presses out and taps towards cover
on the stumps and dabbed down to the leg side
angling in with the arm , BATTER presses out to block
tight line around off , 138kph/86mph and BATTER shows it a straight bat in defence
frustration for BATTER as he misses with another airy drive ! Outside off , just not quite there for the booming swat
driven firmly to cover , but no way through there . This is turning into an excellent spell from
a shimmy down the track and a fierce wallop across the line , but it 's an air shot
full-faced block back down the pitch to mid-on
full length , rising into a defensive nurdle , down into the crease
clipped to the leg side , another over chalked off
closes the face on impact from a full length , midwicket gathers
solidly forward to block back down the pitch
low full toss on the pads , tucked to short midwicket
wider on the crease , and that 's a very tidy over , just the single from it to tighten up West Indies ' effort
opens the face for a dab to point . No way through there
solid once more , as BOWLER finds a solid line and length with a canny angle into the right-hander
tighter line , and draws a respectful block into the off side
crashed into the covers but just short of the man . Careful now ...
on the pads , tucked behinds square
wider on the crease , shaping back into the right hander . Blocked
angled prod into the off side
fenced into the off side
pushed into the covers
up on the toes , trying to work the angles , but no width on offer
back of a length , and BATTER misses out with a firm chop , straight to point
head over the ball , eased to the leg side
pushed back down the line of the ball
leaning forward to defend
back of a length , a modicum of turn , BATTER rocks back but ca n't time his pull
nudged off the legs to complete the over
clipped to the leg side
smashed back to the bowler , BOWLER fumbles on the bounce
full length , pushed calmly into the covers
angled bat , fenced into the cordon , but short of FIELDER at slip !
back of a length , thumped off the back foot to cover
fenced into the covers , off the back foot
full length , lifting into the pads , nudged to the leg side
outside off , looking for the clobber through the covers but thinking better of it
flipped to the leg side , but ca n't beat mid-on
flat-batted biff outside off , not quite getting to the pitch yet
well bowled , BOWLER 's angle threatens to bring the ball back in each time , but this one slides across and causes BATTER to aim a flaccid poke outside off
flashed into the covers , planting the front foot for a big wafty drive , but well intercepted
wider line , angled in , and blocked back down the track
outside off on a fuller length , left alone this time
angled prod out to point
knee-high full toss , clipped to midwicket
half an appeal as BOWLER finds more late shape into the right-hander 's pads , but that was doing too much
well bowled , yorker length , bending back into the toes , BATTER can only dig it out , back to the bowler
curling in towards off stump , pushed with a loose waft to the off side
tentative block from deep in the crease , gathered at short leg
tucked off the toes , ca n't get this one away
well bowled , if utterly futilely . Round the wicket , tight line , defended on the back foot
tighter line from round the wicket , defended solidly to cover
full and straight , defended back down the pitch
rolls the fingers , nibbles past the edge . Well bowled
good wheels , banged in short and zipping through to the keeper
back of a length , punched back to the bowler , who stoops to gather on the half-volley
sharp bouncer , BATTER ducks . That is probably the end of BOWLER 's work today . Of all the players to flog in a lost cause , he ai n't the one ...
very full , tight to off stump , zips through at good pace to the keeper
banged in short , defended down into the crease
dabbed into the off side for another single
outside off , a cautious start as BATTER leaves alone
blocked once more , BATTER ca n't hope to match what 's gone before , so he 's just setting himself to see it through
solidly into line . It 's a different tempo now !
back of a length , tight line , blocked
dabbed to the off side
back of a length , tight line , dabbed to the off side
full and straight , and blocked
short , and roundhoused . No contact this time
short , sways inside the line . Whoosh
another hack , but a miss this time as the pads wear it instead
a h-u-u-u-u-ge hack through the line , thumps the pads again , but no finger this time from the umpire . Wild strokeplay ... like something I 'd play in the nets . Trying to match the master , I suspect !
fenced to the leg side , on a tight line
beaten outside off , a hint of swing on a good length
outside off , left alone
full and straight , thumps the pad , and given ! BATTER reviews , out of hope , rather than expectation ? It might conceivably be high ... but no bat involved . Impact in line but missing the top of leg ! A good review , and England have another wicket overturned !
a swish and a miss ! Lovely aggressive bowling again
short again , BATTER has a wallop , the ball bobbles into the cordon off the shoulder . Fierce from BOWLER , who ca n't bowl ten in a row , but realistically needs to to give England a chance !
full and fast , nipping back off the deck and into the pads
through to the keeper , outside off . Good wheels
short again , ca n't connect with another cross-batted air shot
back of a length , a wild air shot across the line !
feisty finish , short and rearing at the throat , BATTER does well to ride the bounce
length ball , 139kph around fourth stump , left alone
coming back a touch in the channel , BATTER is across and draws the bat inside
banged in outside off , clips the bottom edge as he pulls , dies in front of the keeper ... BOWLER purses his lips
over the top of off , 140kph/87mph and BATTER shows it a straight bat in defence
outside off , short of a length and zipping through
pitched up full on middle and off , blocked
this pops off a length , BATTER gets square on but it does n't carry back down the pitch
short and a touch leg side and BATTER prods at it , FIELDER takes a blinder going to his left ... Was it off the bat ? Umpire FIELDER Wilson does n't think so , and BOWLER chooses not to review
good length in the channel , lets this one go
length ball , BATTER gets across and steers this towards backward point
shortish and defended on the back foot
short and slightly leg side , BATTER ducks out of the way
dug in short , BATTER tucks it down from back in the crease
short of a length and defended down into the off side
diligent line bowling outside off , BATTER leaves - sees out a maiden over
BOWLER bustles in a hits a length , straighter line and it 's tucked down towards midwicket
short and pulled , no timing and it trickles to mid-on
back of a length , again he drops the hands
plugging away , 128kph/79mph as BATTER comes across and watches it through . He knows just how important his wicket is now - completely the opposite to his innings the other day
short of a length in the corridor outside off , left alone
dug in and defended from the crease , hits the splice but falls safely to earth
banged in , more short stuff for BATTER , who has a woolly woof and fails to connect
goes back and cuts into the turf
flatter on off stump and BATTER taps it down
comes across and bunts it away
tossed full outside off and tapped into the covers
floated up , drifting in and defended on off stump
over the wicket , back of a length on off , BATTER blocks
banged in again , BATTER jumps across , stabs the ball down
back of a length , again he 's happy to block into the off side
shortish around off stump , BATTER defends coming across
darted in straight and BATTER turns this to square leg
flat on middle and leg , tapped back down the track
back of a length , at the body and BATTER again jabs it away for a dot ball to finish another tight over
tapped down into the leg side , BATTER sends his partner back
in the channel , 127kph/78mph outside off , left alone
shortish , comes across and nudges to square leg
back of a length over off stump , BATTER stays back and defends
similar line , cut off the back foot to backward point
lobbed up wide of off stump , BATTER drives to backward point
tighter to the stumps , 129kph/80mph and this is tapped back towards the bowler
outside off , back of a length and he lets this one go
short of a length and defended over the top of off stump
round the wicket now , arm ball and BATTER is beaten on the inside ... maybe some bat involved ? BOWLER asks the question but there 's no review forthcoming
over the wicket to BATTER , hits a length and gets it to nibble again , edged towards backward point
tries to advance down and disrupt the bowler 's length , hung a touch wide and he lets it go
shorter , dabbed towards backward point
round the wicket , nipping away and beats the outside edge ! Perfect length from BOWLER and he just got it to hold the line , BATTER caught betwixt and between
pitched up , 140kph/87mph full and wide of the stumps , BATTER watches it through
better line , slightly short and defended down behind square
short over the top of off stump , BATTER defends with a straight bat
jumps wide and slings the ball down right on the edge of the tramlines , close to being a wide
steps across on off and shoulders arms

ooh , jaffa from BOWLER ! BATTER was coming down at him , but done by extravagant movement off the deck as he tried to work through the leg side
length ball in the channel , nipping away as BATTER presses out
comes across and lets this one go
fired in straight , BATTER comes across his stumps and defends calmly
lifting outside off , through to the keeper with good wheels once more
full length , perfect line , all BATTER can do is put bat on ball and acknowledge the excellence . A very rare maiden over
full-faced defence , back down the wicket . Solid work
full and on the pads , ca n't make contact with his clip off the hip
a shimmy down the track as BATTER looks to mix things up , but defended again
a loose drive but not even MC Hammer could touch this ! . Full again , wicked late movement , bounce . Perfection in the off-stump corridor
round the wicket , that 's a lovely length ! Angling into the left-hander and straightens off the deck to beat the outside edge
pushed back into the crease and defends this one under the armpit ! That 's a fine over , at the body and accurately so
up on the toes , dabbed down into the crease
hangs leg-side of the ball and flashes a drive to short cover
a whistling cut , but ca n't make contact ! BOWLER 's extra wheels already looking lively . BATTER licks his lips in the dressing room ...
lovely line ! Back of a length , kick off the surface , jags through to the keeper as BATTER fails to lay bat on ball
poked down to gully , riding the bounce , and nearly a mix-up after a half-stop ! BATTER wants it , but BATTER rightly sends him back
fuller , straighter , deflects off the pad but the keeper gathers
outside off , jags off the seam towards the cordon
well bowled again , pitching middle-and-leg , solid block on off
dabbed into the off side with a loud `` no ! ''
angled defence to a tight lifting line across the left-hander . Utilising the bounce well to keep BATTER under wraps
solid block , fully forward , head over the ball
BATTER shoulders arms to complete another economical over
outside off again , good line for dot balls , but not challenging the bat
a big booming drive , outside off , and no contact this time
short and outside off , more leaping bounce to take the ball over another kitchen-sink cut
tight line , bending into the pads , and tucked to the leg side
short , and good carry once more , lifting with lively pace over a wild cut
banged in short , outside off , through to the keeper





fully forward , defended into the off side
better line and length , forward and blocked to the off side
good delivery in the circumstances , length ball outside off , and hopping over a massive mow across the line
defended into the off side
fuller length , defended under the nose
defended on the back foot
outside off , through to the keeper
flinched off the back foot to short square leg . More lift into the ribs
outside off , advancing to the pitch but left alone
well bowled , outside off , ghosting through to the keeper with big carry once more
back and across to defend into the leg side
high-elbowed block to a full and straight delivery . The end of an effective over
head over the ball , very full and straight , pressed back down the pitch
full and straight , blocked back down the pitch
a more compact leave this time , and an elongated over comes to an end
that 's a better line ! Outside off , lifting wickedly from a good length , and past the edge . Perhaps too short to take the nick , but it looks pretty
outside off , lovely encouraging lift as BATTER shoulders arms
tighter line on the leg stump , rising off the deck and thuds the thigh pad . Good lift to encourage the bowlers
full face of the bat , blocking back up the pitch
back of a length , BATTER squares up on the back foot to defend
good lift off the deck , sliding past the ribs . Gets away with it
missed stumping ! What happened there ... ? FIELDER was pretty much wandering off down the Harleyford Road he was so far out of his crease , but the bounce seemed to result in the ball lodging in BATTER 's armpit as he then went to break the bails with his other hand , realised he 'd messed up and walked straight to the other end , leaving BATTER with a look on his face like someone had just asked him about differential calculus
touch flatter and quicker on middle and leg , blocked on the front foot
gives this some air , legbreak turning after pitching outside leg and hits the pad as FIELDER flicks
full and straight , 82mph and worked square of midwicket , where it 's hunted down quickly to prevent a run
back of a length again , clouted straight to midwicket
dug in short , Imam thinks about pulling then ducks at the last
short and way outside off , Imam 's eyes light up ... but he misses throwing a cut . A real fresh air shot
tossed up and pushed into the covers
tighter line , solid block
banged in short , through to the keeper
right up to the blockhole , squeezed down to mid-off
flat delivery outside off , FIELDER punches to extra cover
low arm action , skidding on outside off and chopped to the man at backward point
round the wicket , pushed through on off stump and defended coming forwards
short of a length , 86mph and FIELDER gets front on to block
full around off stump , punched towards extra cover
back of a length and pushed down into the covers
shortish , 86mph and tucked down into the on side
slung down around off stump as Imam goes back and across
short and again giving him room to free the arms , 85mph but this time he picks out backward point
tighter line , FIELDER leans into a front-foot block
fuller in the channel , blocked coming forwards
full in the channel and drilled to extra cover
back of a length , this zips through past the bat as Imam tries to angle it behind square
hammers it on a length around off , Imam lines it up and blocks
better line , in the channel and encouraging a stroke . steered to point
length and sliding away towards slip as Imam hangs back and leaves
tucked off the pads and Imam sets off , but BATTER is haring after it and FIELDER sends him back as the bowler commando rolls and comes up with the ball to prevent one
fuller , 82mph outside off , Imam pokes towards backward point
back of a length on middle and off , Imam prods it down
pushed through in the channel outside off and steered to backward point
shortish and FIELDER thinks about playing before twirling his bat out of the way
short , rising in the channel at 89mph , FIELDER tries to cut but can only chop into the ground towards point
good length just a fraction outside off , FIELDER judges it well
dug in , a throat-high cobra spitting from the pitch , 88mph and FIELDER has to jacknife back out of the firing line
back of a length over off stump , FIELDER shows it a straight blade in defence
pitched up and straightening on off , driven gently back to mid-on
inveigled past the outside edge again , 83mph and tempting Imam to dangle his bat out injudiciously
comes forward and drops this into the covers , Imam thinks about one but BATTER is scooting in and they eventually take the sensible course
good length outside off , Imam watches it through . He 's playing for tea
full and a touch leg side , 89mph and driven without timing to mid-on
rattling through in the channel outside off and Imam constructs a miniature fort made of cardboard boxes around himself
flung down on a length around off stump , Imam blocks
oof , squared up and beaten again ! This one seams juuuust enough to beat the edge
shortish , 91mph - tssst ! - and defended on the back foot
full on off , 85mph and FIELDER presses out to ping it back to the bowler
good length , nibbling past the outside edge as Imam again stays back
tighter line from BATTER , 84mph and defended resolutely from the crease
pushed across the bows and left alone
fired in full and straight , FIELDER drops his bat on it - wicket maiden for BOWLER . Woof !
length angled across , 92mph and left alone
cheers from the crowd as midwicket catches a bump ball ... still no run off
slightly short , seaming away at 93mph and BATTER has to dive to take it ... nothing doing from the batsman
length ball , 88mph and a touch leg side as FIELDER jabs it towards midwicket
dug in short , again Imam elects to duck
full outside off and hinting at some inswing , Imam steps out and bunts to mid-off
shortish , on the leg side and tapped down
nips away as FIELDER presses out and sees the ball whistle through
length ball on off stump , manages to line this one up and block into the off side
banged in short and Imam clambers down underneath it , sharpish
three in a row ! Movement and wheels , 93mph this time ! Imam can only close his eyes and prod out in front of him
touch short , this decks away and beats the groping Imam again ! Moved appreciably , that one
squared him up magnificently ! Finds that intermediate length , the batsman sticking when he should be coming forward , climbs past the outside edge at 90mph ! Tasty
BOWLER glides to the crease and hits a length at 89mph , Imam taps to leg
tucks him up back in the crease , blocked off an inside edge
back of a length outside off , 85mph and FIELDER stabs towards point
missed stumping ! What happened there ... ? BATTER was pretty much wandering off down the Harleyford Road he was so far out of his crease , but the bounce seemed to result in the ball lodging in FIELDER 's armpit as he then went to break the bails with his other hand , realised he 'd messed up and walked straight to the other end , leaving BOWLER with a look on his face like someone had just asked him about differential calculus
touch flatter and quicker on middle and leg , blocked on the front foot
gives this some air , legbreak turning after pitching outside leg and hits the pad as BATTER flicks
full and straight , 82mph and worked square of midwicket , where it 's hunted down quickly to prevent a run
back of a length again , clouted straight to midwicket
dug in short , Imam thinks about pulling then ducks at the last
short and way outside off , Imam 's eyes light up ... but he misses throwing a cut . A real fresh air shot
tossed up and pushed into the covers
tighter line , solid block
banged in short , through to the keeper
right up to the blockhole , squeezed down to mid-off
flat delivery outside off , BATTER punches to extra cover
low arm action , skidding on outside off and chopped to the man at backward point
round the wicket , pushed through on off stump and defended coming forwards
short of a length , 86mph and BATTER gets front on to block
full around off stump , punched towards extra cover
back of a length and pushed down into the covers
shortish , 86mph and tucked down into the on side
slung down around off stump as Imam goes back and across
short and again giving him room to free the arms , 85mph but this time he picks out backward point
tighter line , BATTER leans into a front-foot block
fuller in the channel , blocked coming forwards
full in the channel and drilled to extra cover
back of a length , this zips through past the bat as Imam tries to angle it behind square
hammers it on a length around off , Imam lines it up and blocks
better line , in the channel and encouraging a stroke . steered to point
length and sliding away towards slip as Imam hangs back and leaves
tucked off the pads and Imam sets off , but BOWLER is haring after it and BATTER sends him back as the bowler commando rolls and comes up with the ball to prevent one
fuller , 82mph outside off , Imam pokes towards backward point
back of a length on middle and off , Imam prods it down
pushed through in the channel outside off and steered to backward point
shortish and BATTER thinks about playing before twirling his bat out of the way
short , rising in the channel at 89mph , BATTER tries to cut but can only chop into the ground towards point
good length just a fraction outside off , BATTER judges it well
dug in , a throat-high cobra spitting from the pitch , 88mph and BATTER has to jacknife back out of the firing line
back of a length over off stump , BATTER shows it a straight blade in defence
pitched up and straightening on off , driven gently back to mid-on
inveigled past the outside edge again , 83mph and tempting Imam to dangle his bat out injudiciously
comes forward and drops this into the covers , Imam thinks about one but FIELDER is scooting in and they eventually take the sensible course
good length outside off , Imam watches it through . He 's playing for tea
full and a touch leg side , 89mph and driven without timing to mid-on
rattling through in the channel outside off and Imam constructs a miniature fort made of cardboard boxes around himself
flung down on a length around off stump , Imam blocks
oof , squared up and beaten again ! This one seams juuuust enough to beat the edge
shortish , 91mph - tssst ! - and defended on the back foot
full on off , 85mph and BATTER presses out to ping it back to the bowler
good length , nibbling past the outside edge as Imam again stays back
tighter line from BOWLER , 84mph and defended resolutely from the crease
pushed across the bows and left alone
fired in full and straight , BATTER drops his bat on it - wicket maiden for BATTER . Woof !
length angled across , 92mph and left alone
cheers from the crowd as midwicket catches a bump ball ... still no run off
slightly short , seaming away at 93mph and FIELDER has to dive to take it ... nothing doing from the batsman
length ball , 88mph and a touch leg side as BATTER jabs it towards midwicket
dug in short , again Imam elects to duck
full outside off and hinting at some inswing , Imam steps out and bunts to mid-off
shortish , on the leg side and tapped down
nips away as BATTER presses out and sees the ball whistle through
length ball on off stump , manages to line this one up and block into the off side
banged in short and Imam clambers down underneath it , sharpish
three in a row ! Movement and wheels , 93mph this time ! Imam can only close his eyes and prod out in front of him
touch short , this decks away and beats the groping Imam again ! Moved appreciably , that one
squared him up magnificently ! Finds that intermediate length , the batsman sticking when he should be coming forward , climbs past the outside edge at 90mph ! Tasty
BATTER glides to the crease and hits a length at 89mph , Imam taps to leg
tucks him up back in the crease , blocked off an inside edge
back of a length outside off , 85mph and BATTER stabs towards point
pitched up , right on the inside tramline , BATTER nowhere near it , he pleads for the wide ... Nothing doing
another wide full-bunger from BOWLER , the batsman was n't sure whether hang back for a straight one , fails to connect
right on the line , very full outside off , does the job as BATTER flails in vain
steams in and bounces the new batsman , who swings hard but fails to connect
full , 83mph and nibbling off the seam as BATTER swings himself into a different dimension and then bellows in annoyance !
round the wicket , pitched up on the inside tramline , BATTER slashes at it and misses
BATTER backs away again , serves up the legbreak on middle and leg , picks out point and there 's a grunt of frustration from the Pakistan captain
full in the channel and again he ca n't get anything on it ! Good comeback from
full and wide , BATTER is dancing across and tries to scoop to leg ... the ball nutmegs him through to the keeper and BATTER chastises himself for failing to get bat on ball !
fires this towards the tramlines and gets away with it
round the wicket , goes full and wide and BATTER can only bunt to mid-off
back of a length , clothed on the pull and it dips in front of mid-on ... FIELDER then has a shy with BATTER backing up . No run is the result
short outside off , backs away and swings hard , straight off the toe of the bat to the bowler
length ball , stand-and-deliver thump from BATTER , lands a couple of yard in front of mid-off
tight lines , coming back in as BATTER comes forward and then blocks into the turf
back of a length , 82mph and dabbed straight to backward point
flighted , chipped back uppishly but it lands short of the bowler
flattish delivery on off , BATTER steps out and rasps a drive straight to cover
pushed through and spinning away as BATTER goes back
pushed through and dabbed towards backward point
flatter , BATTER drops deep to cut and skims it in the air , just short of cover
tries to use the feet as BOWLER lands a googly , pokes to cover
nice , slow legbreak , gets BATTER feeling in front of his body
pushed through and worked to midwicket this time
over the wicket to BATTER , goes back on off and cracks hard and flat to extra cover
pushed through from round the wicket , poked back to the bowler
outside off , pushed to deep point
thumped with lots of bottom hand to cover
well bowled , making room to leg , BOWLER followed him , forced a respectful block on a full length
low full toss , thumped to mid-on
attempted late cut , ca n't make contact
fuller length , eased down the pitch , a cutter from BOWLER , and does enough to disrupt the stroke
short , a spliced pull lands short of midwicket
pulled , but beaten by a good lifter , a slower ball , hitting the deck hard and missing a wipe across the line
tucked up on a leg-stump line , worked to mid-on
worked off the pads to the leg side
a swishing pull , no contact
a resounding click of willow as this one is smoked into the covers , but short cover stoops well to gather
back of a length , jammed to point , who half-stops
head over the ball , eased out to the covers
banged in short , BATTER ducks . Good carry through to
sharper delivery , kicks off the cross seam and thuds into the ribs as BATTER mistimes his pull this time
thumped on the up to the off side
fuller length , more shape on that length , ghosting past the outside edge as BATTER attempts to open the face for a glide . A good tight over
back into the crease , pushed to the off side
banged in short , clonked round the corner to midwicket
back of a length , blocked back down the pitch
outside off , a big whooshing drive , and beats the edge !
squares up in defence , another tidy over
biffed back to the bowler , via an inside-edge onto the pad
slides on , on a leg-stump line and thumps the knee-roll . A polite appeal from BOWLER but no-one else clears the throat ...
BATTER makes a movement forward , looks to smash down the ground but checks it , stopped by a combination of FIELDER and BATTER at the other end
flighted , outside leg stump and BATTER prods it back to the bowler
googly from BOWLER , attempts the reverse-sweep and wears the ball on the chest
slower delivery , clipped off the front leg straight to midwicket
flights the legbreak on off stump , BATTER covers it and blocks
drops deep on off stump and clipped to midwicket
over the wicket , pushed through on off and dinked back to the bowler
starts over the wicket , googly spinning from leg to off and BATTER prods it away
on the stumps , punched back
darted down as BATTER makes room again but can only find FIELDER with a push
FIELDER pushes the ball through , punched back to the bowler stepping away
tossed up on the stumps , worked to midwicket
short outside off , dabbed rather than cut with intent and it skips straight to point
sliding into the pads , no sign of turn
tossed up , BATTER makes room and throws the hands , comes off an inside edge
quicker ball , on the pads and defended to midwicket
disciplined line around off stump , 86mph and punched to cover
slightly full outside off , 88mph on a tempting line but Imam watches it through
hits a 'heavy ' length , over the stumps and BATTER punches it back
sliding in on the pads , BATTER glances but sends the ball towards short fine leg
flighted , around middle and off , played back to the bowler
round the wicket , floated up around off stump , defended on the front foot
length ball , 82mph over the top of off , blocked towards point
shortish , good line and it zips past the outside edge as Imam hangs back
banged in short , BATTER watches it loop through
another slippery little bumper , again beats the top edge as Imam aims a hook ... one for the over , signals the umpire
wide-ish bouncer from BOWLER , swing and a miss from Imam ... gets away with it
slower ball , forced towards cover off the back foot
shortish and chopped at the top of the bounce towards point
full and wide of the stumps , 83mph and BATTER ca n't time a slap down the ground
dug in shorter , 82mph and zipping through as Imam keeps his powder dry
touch shorter , Imam stabs it late behind point but again it 's cut off on the dive
BOWLER already going to his cutters on this true surface , steered away to the off side again
tight lines , taking the pace off a touch and BATTER can only chop towards point
short , 85mph over the top of off , Imam shows it a straight bat
back of a length on middle and leg , tucked away
tight around off stump , the batsman chops down defensively
slightly shorter , excellent line and it ghosts past the outside edge with Imam aiming a back-foot force
length ball shaping away outside off once again , 83mph and Imam watches it through
some movement here , good length at 81mph and Imam follows it momentarily as the ball swings late towards first slip
back of a length just outside off and Imam cuts neatly behind point , well stopped on the dive
good areas , hits the seam a deviates across BATTER as he plays inside the line
good length , nipping back a touch as BATTER tries to throttle this over midwicket , fails to connect
touch short on off , 84mph and BATTER shows it a straight bat back to the bowler
a crashing drive , but ca n't connect properly , This has been a decent over
well bowled , round the wicket , took the pace off the ball , BATTER leant back for a smoke over the covers but could n't connect
width , crunched to cover
a wristy wallop into the covers , very full
loses his footing a touch on a spring-loaded drive into the covers . Misses out
a swing across the line , no contact that time
blotted to the on side , tight line , back of a length
attempted ramp , but BATTER is early on the stroke , and ends up deflecting it in front of square on the leg side
standing tall on the back foot , punched to the off side
up on the toes , pushed to cover to keep the strike
round the wicket , better line outside off on a very full length , BATTER ca n't work this one away
tight line from round the wicket , crunched into the off side
attempted sweep , does n't connect
advancing out of the crease , BOWLER meets the new length well , and gathers in his followthrough
firmly forward , head over the ball
tight line , shaping back into the right-hander from round the wicket
short and sharp , BATTER climbs into the roundhouse pull but ca n't make contact
beaten again on the wide line and full length , a bit of an appeal too , and in fact , Pakistan review ! BATTER did fling his head back as the ball passed , but that was as much out of frustration as anything incriminating . Nope , nothing on Snicko . On we go
wide line , BATTER has a waft , but ca n't connect with slightly flat footwork
standing tall on the back foot , flicked to the leg side
tighter line from round the wicket , BATTER tries to deflect fine but ca n't make the angle
eased into the covers
flatter on off stump , poked to mid-off
slower ball in the channel outside off , BATTER is foxed and ca n't lay bat on ball
dug in short , climbing around shoulder height past BATTER as he thinks twice about pulling this time
gets across and pushes to cover - that 's a very good maiden over from
shorter length , taking the pace off again and BATTER is hit on the body via a bottom edge attempting to pull
full at 88mph and driven coming forward , finds the man at extra cover
full and swerving in , struck on the pad and BOWLER asks the question ... Not given but FIELDER reviews . What will Hawk-Eye say ? Smacked the front pad on the full , looked a touch leg side ... And it 's umpire 's call , clipping the base of leg stump ! So Pakistan retain the review again
slower ball , outside off stump and BATTER cushions it wide of FIELDER , realises there 's no run there
short of a length and BATTER cuts , comes off the bottom edge
pitched up on the stumps , touching 87mph and BATTER checks it to mid-off
full on middle and leg , 86mph and BATTER clips to mid-on
round the wicket , full on off and bunted to cover
angled across , skipping past the outside edge from a good length
floated up and whacked to extra cover coming forwards
flighted , stepping across , picks out the fielder again
tossed up on off and stroked into the covers
goes back and across , deflected towards gully
angling in and worked to the leg side
fired in flatter and BATTER punches back along the ground
attempts to reverse sweep but fails to connect
tossed up and pushed into the off side
in the channel , defended towards his toes and BOWLER chases it down
length again , no width and BATTER taps to the leg side
tossed up and pushed into the covers
fullish and driven to extra cover coming forwards
tossed up and pushed back down the track
floated up on leg side and BATTER sweeps , picks out short fine leg
length outside off , 85mph and this scoots through a little low as BATTER dabs and misses
quicker on middle and leg , BATTER jabs down on it hastily
pushed through outside off , BATTER drops back and cuts , comes off the bottom edge
fuller , 87mph and BATTER picks out cover on the front foot
short of a length , 81mph and defended into the covers
flighted on middle and leg , tucked to midwicket
pushed through on off and dabbed towards backward point
full on off , 84mph and BATTER pings it back down the pitch , BOWLER does well to stick out his right paw and stop it dead
full and clipped towards mid-on coming across
tight lines and pushed square on the off side
round the wicket , speared in towards the toes , 86mph and BATTER has to clamp down on it
little bit of turn and BATTER pokes into the covers
flighted , BATTER pushes his first ball away
back of a length , 81mph and skidding on to hit the thigh pad as YJB aims a forearm jab at it
tight to the stumps , BATTER is beaten again trying to cut ! No luck for BOWLER so far
pushed through a touch quicker , flash and a miss outside off
comes across and pokes itno the covers
floated up around off stump and patted away
pushed through and tapped into the covers
quicker still , on middle and leg and tucked to midwicket
solid line and length once more . BOWLER is doing his job , the odd fielding lapse notwithstanding ...
slapped into the off side
confusion between the wickets ! BATTER was way down the pitch , had to turn back , dived for his crease , he 's miles out , but has BOWLER broken the wicket with his hand ? Yes , he has ! The zing bails are lit up with BATTER miles from the frame . Not out ! He still had time to gather the ball and pull out a stump . But ... errr , he dropped it
fuller length , raps the pads , deflects out to the off side
clipped to the leg side , straight to midwicket
full once more , on the toes , ca n't get it away
chopped to backward point , BATTER once again trying to put some oomph into BOWLER 's slow darts
tucked off the toes to mid-on , probing stuff from BOWLER , who neither batsman has quite managed to dominate
held back in the flight , BATTER waits and waits , and bunts a thump into the off side
full length , dipping into the toes , clumped to cover
banged in short , outside off , through to the keeper on a wide line
dancing at the crease , trying to create an angle , but ca n't chop it away
an ambitious smash down the track , but ca n't quite time it against BOWLER 's darty deviations
attempted sweep , gets in a tangle , and FIELDER ca n't gather down the leg side , a slight deflection saves the single
tapped into the off side
solid line and length , respectable block back down the pitch
straighter bat , solid block back down the track
makes room for a carve through the covers , but BOWLER follows him into the toes and cramps him for room
round the wicket , angling in once more , flicked to the leg side
solid , compact drive , instantly looking a million dollars better in that stroke , albeit for no runs . More determined footwork that time
banged in short , BATTER sways inside the line of the ball
tucked up on the back foot , skidding through and worked to the leg side
clipped to the leg side
slower ball , nudged to the on side
fizzing down the leg side
full and straight , pumped up the pitch to mid-off
right up to the blockhole , drilled to mid-off
punched firmly off the back foot to cover
beaten outside off , good delivery , ghosting past the inside edge as BATTER fails to anticipate the lack of bounce
full and tight , punched into the covers with a flurry of limbs
full length , zeroing in on the base of middle , blocked back up the pitch
tapped into the off side
loose ! Back of a length , swinging away , BATTER has a waft
tapped into the off side , not quite there once more , as the off-side field is reinforced
blotted down into the crease , picking the fuller length
aiming through midwicket , and a leading edge ends up in the covers . Safe enough in the end ...
solid block on middle and leg , placing the bat on the line of the bat
open-faced dab to cover , not quite feeling it yet , is BATTER ...
probing length , hard-handed block to cover
reaching outside off with hard hands again , BATTER looking a touch eager to feel bat on ball as this one ends up in the cordon off a thick edge
full and probing , BATTER reaches for the drive , and squirts off an open face to point
nips off the seam on a full length , BATTER is n't interested in the single as the ball deflects into the off side
very full , and clipped to the on-side
standing tall on the back foot , and defended back to the bowler
very full again , and blocked back down the track
fuller length on off stump , solid connection back down the track , but BATTER gets in a tangle at the non-striker 's end
on the leg stump , angling across the right-hander , dabbed to midwicket
pumped on the up into the off side . England need single figures for victory
a bottom-handed bunt to mid-off
hopping back and across , defended on a leg-stump line
on leg stump , hopping into the pad
fuller length , tighter line , thumped to cover
tidy line outside off , BATTER opens up with a respectful leave-alone , possibly the first we 've witnessed from England all series ...
full length , outside off , a thrash at thin air
pulled again , thuds into the pads , looks for the single , nothing there
climbing into another pull , rapped on the gloves by a lifter
back of a length , biffed to mid-off
more cunning shape on the ball , tailing in on a full length . Just a little something to keep England honest
open-faced drive , timed it nicely enough but straight to point
advancing down the pitch , ends up yorking himself as BOWLER shies at the stumps in his followthrough
squared up a touch on the back foot , solid defence in the end
short again , fizzing past an aggressive hoick across the line
beauty ! Nips and seams from a tight line , and takes a thin edge , dying just in front of
on the back foot again , solidly blocked . This is a punchy spell from BOWLER , who is just making something happen
round the wicket , just a hint of reverse swing as well now , to give England something to ponder
jaffer ! Round the wicket , angled in , nips off the seam , beats the edge of a flat-footed drive
solidly into line , firm defence once more
leaning onto the front foot , defended to the off side
spanked off the back foot and dropped in the covers ! Came sharply but at the perfect height . Oh dear
slides back and across to defend on a leg-stump line
firmly pressed into the off side , BATTER just sizing up the length outside off
standing tall at the crease , an inside-edged drive to the leg side
on the back foot , punched to cover
pushed through , BATTER taps it back and BOWLER goes to his right to field
tossed up and punched to mid-on
floated up , straightening on middle and leg , defended
length ball , 82mph and turned away
good length , hits the seam and jags back , BATTER has to chop down on it
darted in the channel outside off , late cut by BATTER but he picks out a fielder
nicely timed , driven wide of mid-off but they elect not to take on FIELDER 's arm
pitched up at 87mph and BATTER squirts it into the covers off the toe of the bat
full , 87mph around off stump , BATTER chops down on it
shortish outside off , 83mph and BATTER taps it down square
good length around off stump , BATTER presses out to defend
length ball , tailing in a touch from wide of off stump , left alone
good nut from BOWLER , nipping away as BATTER presses out and is beaten
angling in on off stump , shows it a straight bat in defence
over the wicket , BOWLER grunts as he digs one in and BATTER drops the hands
bumper , tucks him up bu still BATTER tries something ... ca n't connect with a ramp , though
full and fast , 86mph and he has to dig this one out
another slower ball , BATTER chips this back to the left of the bowler , ca n't get a hand on it !
round the wicket , slower ball and BATTER is early on it , chipped into the leg side but short of midwicket
over the wicket , good length on off stump , BATTER punches to mid-on
back of a length , taking the pace off and YJB pulls at it , fails to connect this time
slower ball , BATTER heaves and gets a thick inside edge
chopped down from the crease , BATTER again indicates that the ball might be reversing
swerving in to be struck on the pads , BOWLER goes up ... Umpire Gough not interested ! Looked a touch leg side and Pakistan do n't choose to review
quicker and straighter and flicked off the pads , find the fielder
round the wicket , tossed up and patted into the covers
good pace from back of a length , this fizzes through past the outside edge as he has a dart
on the stumps and blocked
bit of width , YJB is back and freeing the arms to carve to backward point
good length , 85mph and whisked towards midwicket
tight lines and checked into the covers
YJB comes across and gets bat on ball , `` Wait on ! '' the call
tight on off stump , pushed into the covers
length ball , BATTER comes across and taps it away
tossed up and pushed into the covers
good length , 82mph and YJB works it to midwicket
dropped ! Cracked on the up , back towards the bowler who sticks up a right hand ... Managed to deflect it into the the air , but then could n't twist around to complete the catch ! Good effort by BOWLER , but Pakistan could have done with that sticking
short of a length and tapped down to the on side
pushed through and jabbed towards midwicket
strays down the leg side , BATTER glances it straight to short fine leg
lobbed up and clipped to midwicket
tight line and played back down the track
thumped hard back down the pitch , more sharp fielding keeps things relatively tight
on the back foot , defended back down the track . Tighter line and length
on the back foot , defended down into the crease , and nearly a mix-up as BATTER hares down for the single , and has to turn sharpish !
fizzing past the leg stump , BATTER is a bit miffed to be denied his wide
poked into the covers , and millimetres short ! FIELDER stoops , but the ball dies before he can get there
well bowled , following BATTER down the leg side , and beating him past the outside edge with a sharp lifter
back of a length , defended hastily back down the pitch , FIELDER gathers in his followthrough
outside off , climbing off the deck
zipped through on a stump-threatening line , BATTER hurriedly defends back down the pitch
cracked into the off side , no flight on offer so BATTER has to bide his time
on the back foot , tucked to mid-on
panned back to the bowler , who has a word or two as he fields in his followthrough
faster and flatter , pushed through to the batsman
a wafty drive , misses everything
biffed into the covers
half a step down the pitch , wafted into the covers
fended into the off side
poked off the back foot , into the off side
flicked to the leg side , working with the full length
short and soaring over the batsman 's head , might have been thoughts about the wide , but he gets away with it
banged in short , and that 's sharp . BATTER bails out of the hook
thumped into the off-side , rising onto the toes but not quite timed
flicked to midwicket , looking to pierce the leg-side ring , but ca n't get through that time
outside off , zips past a fretful fence outside off . Looking to run down to third man , but the ball got big on him
squared up once more , fenced into the covers . This is a testing little spell for BATTER , who has n't had many in the slot just yet ...
nut ! Opened up like a tin of spaghetti hoops ... as the ball straightens off the seam and zips past the off stump !
a open-faced drive , on a full length , gathered in the covers
banged in short , a gloved pull , and just short of short backward square ! Lucky he did n't connect a touch better ...
solidly into line on off stump and blocked again
up on the toes , a compact punch into the leg side
outside off , a short-armed pull from a good length , and misses out
elegance once more , probably the best shot for no run all day . A checked drive to mid-off , and a scrambled stop
just a touch of impatience now from BATTER , to tries to make something happen from a good-length delivery , and nearly inside-edges down into his stumps !
onto the front foot , pumped into the covers
fenced back down the pitch , not quite to the pitch of the ball once more
on the back foot , clipped to the leg side once again
on the pads , worked to the leg side with a flinch across the line . Good pace and accuracy so far this over
on the back foot , body behind the line , defended back down the pitch
short , nipping back , a vociferous appeal from BOWLER but that looked too high to the naked eye
full and straight , pitching leg and defended on middle with a solid report of willow
BATTER moves across early , BOWLER aims for the tramlines ... and the umpire says that is fine ! Could have been called wide but the bowler gets a break and Pakistan finish on a meaty 358 for 9
full and wide , BATTER has a big ole swing and FIELDER then fumbles it ... but they do n't take the bye on offer
sneaky stuff , loopy back-of-the-hand slower ball that dips outside off and then kicks up as BATTER carves out a slice of fresh air !
pitched up on middle and off , poked deferentially back to the bowler
decent bumper as BATTER looked to step away , forced to duck and BOWLER takes the dot
slower-ball bouncer , BATTER is flummoxed and having rocked on to the back foot , just watches it loop by
full outside off , Imam heaves across the line and narrowly avoids being bowled !
hits a good length to the new man , poked to backward point with a straight bat
another wide yorker , 83mph and BATTER was on his heels , ca n't connect with a leaden swing
good bumper from BOWLER , 82mph and zipping through at shoulder height
sliding across , taking the pace off - a knuckleball from BOWLER , I think - and a thickish edge squirts to short third man
full , scrambled seam , not timed as he tries to flay over mid-off ... lands just short of the fielder !
slightly back of a length , 83mph around off stump and defended
chance for a run-out ... FIELDER misses at the bowler 's end ! Imam was miles down the pitch , BATTER completely uninterested in the single as FIELDER picked up at point , plenty of time to line up his throw , but ca n't hit the target !
in the channel , dabs at it and misses
pitched up on off and pushed back
comes across and taps this one down
angled across and BATTER has a little flirt outside off
ooh , beaten dabbling outside off ... Sign of nerves from Imam ?
over the wicket , back of a length at 80.5mph , BATTER defends
very full , angled into the stumps , very solid block to see off the threat
short and outside off from round the wicket , a rare wipe at thin air . Imam must have thought his hundred had come early ...
head right over the ball , blocked firmly back down the track
looped up to the bat , dabbed to midwicket
attempted pull , ca n't get it away on a leg-stump line
turned to the on-side , ca n't beat the field .
outside off , ca n't time the square drive
outside off , beats the edge , zipping through to the keeper
angled into leg stump , clipped to the fielder
full and on the spot , tucked to the leg side
shuffles back and across to defend to the leg side
round the wicket , dabbed to the off side
opens the face , deflected to backward point
beaten outside off stump , cuts at thin air
round the wicket , into the leg side
punched to the off side
head right over the ball , reaching forward in defiance
on the back foot , ca n't pierce the field with an old-school clip off the pads
faster and full , on the back foot , defended
very full from round the wicket , BOWLER fires it down the leg side , and he gets away with the wide as there was a thin deflection off the foot
outside off , poked to point from a compact stance
a rowdy appeal ! But that looks to be sneaking down the leg side . England contemplate the review , but nothing more . Full length , and shaping into the pads
tight line and length to finish the over , skidding through to a back-foot block
good riposte , tight line on a full length , and blocked back down the pitch
short and sharp , that 's a fine change-up , extra pace , BATTER climbs into the pull but the ball is onto him already
attacking length , pushed into the off side
tucked to the off side , a shy at the non-striker 's end
very full length once more , attacking the stumps with cunning changes of pace , pushed with a high elbow to mid-on
caught in two minds coming forward , an awkward length to negotiate
head over the ball , solidly blocked back down the pitch
opens the face outside off and guides a deflection into the cordon
on the back foot , tighter line , defended
bending in from outside off stump , firmly forward on a defensive line , this is canny bowling
ghosts past the edge , that 's a lovely line , with a hint of movement
yorker , hint of outswing , that 's a tidy delivery . Blocked
shortish , 82mph around the line of off , BATTER shows it a straight bat
awkward length around off stump , 86mph and prodded back to the bowler
floated up on the stumps and BATTER nudges it away
darted down and punched back to the bowler
fullish on off and blocked coming across
gives this some air on off stump , Imam waits in the crease and blocks
straightening around off stump and again BATTER picks out the man
slightly wider , punched towards extra cover
round the wicket , banged on a length outside off and left alone
dropped ! Short ball , swerving late down the leg side ... Was there glove on that ? YJB does n't look too excited , maybe he did n't take it cleanly . Umpire Michael Gough sends it upstairs to adjudicate : well , that 's a clear drop ! Definitely something on the ball as he tried to leave , but FIELDER shelled it going one-handed low to his right !
over the wicket , starts with a cutter that Imam flicks to midwicket
gives this some air , met on the front foot and finds extra cover
floated up and tapped back down the track
better line , 85mph and dipping towards middle and off , BATTER clips off his front pad to midwicket
better length , this is defended on the front foot
back over the wicket to Imam , sidling through like a mugger in an alleyway , beats the bat with Imam feeling for it outside off
length on a fourth/fifth-stump line , defended
again taking the pace off , worked to square leg and again there 's no run
slower ball , BATTER steers towards point away from his body
round the wicket , short of a length and defended on the back foot
in the corridor , lets this one through
nibbling in on a length , 84mph and this is tucked to square leg
full , a touch floaty outside off , driven crisply but straight to extra cover
82mph around off stump , BATTER shows it a straight bat
good length and tapped away
off-stump line , BATTER draws himself up and punches without timing to mid-off
shortish on off and chopped into the covers
sliding across BATTER ' bows , again he 's happy to leave
full in the channel again , this time he chops down on it
full again , 82mph and a touch wider , Imam gets well across and then shoulders arms
fullish around off , pushed into the covers on the front foot
length ball , sliding through to the keeper as BATTER hangs back and leaves
short of a length on off , defended square
in the channel , no swing and he lets this one go
ooh wee , that 's a jaffa from BOWLER ! Full and then bending away , turns Imam around as he brings the bat down late and beats the outside edge by a whisker !
full and swinging a touch , 83mph and it clips the pad on its way through as BATTER tries to whip off his legs
pitched up and driven along the carpet towards mid-off
sliding across , 81mph and asking for Imam to do something rash . He demures
shortish around off , Imam lines it up and blocks towards point
worked to the leg side from the crease
back of a length over the top of off , gets across and shows it a straight bat
full and quite wide again , tempting a dart , Imam watches this one by
ooh , not sure about that shot ... big old yahoo at a wide one from Imam , beats the bat and zips through
touch shorter , 85mph around fifth stumps and Imam lets it go
length in the channel , lets this one go
good length around the line of off , straightening and blocked
fullish around off stump , blocked back to the bowler on the front foot
nice shape on this , coming back in the channel , BATTER gets forward and leaves it be
swing and a miss from
fullish on off , BATTER gets forward and blocks
taking the pace off and another swing and a miss
short outside off , BATTER has a big ole yahoo and misses
slower ball , loops over the stumps as BATTER swings wildly across the line !
punched back to the bowler , BOWLER shapes to throw down the stumps as BATTER skips back

short and wide and BATTER misses with a swing
slapped into the covers , finds the fielder
flat outside off , BATTER nearly swings himself into next week but picks out extra cover
tight lines , no room for BATTER to do anything but poke to cover
lobbed up and tucked with the spin to midwicket
goes back on off and works to mid-on
presses forward to block on off stump , lone shout of `` Howaseee ... ? '' from FIELDER . Do n't think there was pad involved
dabbed behind point and BATTER wants one , BATTER sends him back
BATTER hops back and punches into the covers
round the wicket , pushed through on leg stump and defended
short , cutting the fingers over the ball , BATTER is in position to pull but gets nowhere near it because of the lack of pace
BATTER makes the move and swings hard , only manages to toe-end a cut to extra cover
darted on the stumps and clipped to midwicket
over the wicket , skidding on with the arm as BATTER goes back and misses with a cut
BATTER loses the left-armer again , something about the angle , plays around one in the channel
cutter from BOWLER , I think , as the ball dips and swerves with BATTER stuck on the crease and beaten , the ball bouncing over the stumps , too
shortish and nipping back in at 87mph , struck on the pads
round the wicket , length ball around off , tapped down
BATTER moves on to off stump and slaps on the up to cover
trundles in and hits a length , 82mph around fourth stump and pushed square coming across
over the wicket , good licks as the ball nips in at 87mph and catches BATTER on the thigh
slower delivery , poked tentatively towards mid-off
goes round the wicket , angling in and pushed to the on side , midwicket hurtles in and fields on the dive . The men in green are alive now
length , 80mph and tapped towards the man inside the ring
dragged down a touch but BATTER picks out cover on the drive
darted quickly on middle and leg , BATTER drops back and punches to mid-on
tossed up , BATTER presses out with a straight bat in defence
lobbed up and tapped square from the crease
flighted , slow and loopy and met on the front foot outside off
flighted , BATTER steps out and works to mid-on
flatter , clipped off the back foot towards midwicket
lobbed up , gripping a touch and BATTER defends
BATTER reaches forward and defends on off
wide of off , slow and a bit of spin
shorter , higher , and BATTER blocks this with minimum fuss
good bowling , this was nervy from the England allrounder . Jabs unconvincingly at it , and never quite gets close . Three dot balls in a row , with no bat on ball !
another one left unharassed , straight through to Sarfraz
BOWLER is slightly wide of off , and BATTER leaves this well alone . Bit of consolidation is in order , methinks
darted down to BATTER , defended straight back
flicked away to the legside
pushed through to midwicket
quick once more , his fastest delivery of the day at 91.5 ! BATTER defends through the offside
beautiful delivery . On a good length and both bowler and keeper go up , convinced the batsman got a slight tickle on this . They do n't review , though , and replays shows it flicked the pad
good length from BOWLER . BATTER moves away to try and scythe through the covers , but the pace beats him . Good pace , too , slightly over 90mph
BATTER guides to short third , no run to be had though
worked away through the offside
full again , BOWLER trying to find some swing , with no luck so far . Played nicely to midwicket , but a fielder cuts it off
too full and driven back past the bowler . Mid-on is at hand to cut it off though
good way to finish . a little bit of extra bounce , and the ball whizzes past BATTER 's outside edge as he looked to guide away to third man
shorter , BATTER blocks back to the bowler
slower , and keeps low . BATTER beaten as he attempts to cut through the offside agian
blocked agian
blocked back to
ooh , that was tempting . BATTER thought about going over the top , but wisely defends it instead
tails in again and smacks BATTER on the pads . Going down leg comfortably , but got the bowler and keeper excited . for a while . Good stuff from BOWLER to kick off his second spell
blocked through the off side
straight to short midwicket
BATTER makes some room and smacks through the off side , but finds the fielder
shorter and slower , beats
flighted , BATTER flicks to the leg side
blocked straight back to
blacked to mid-off
struck down to mid-off , good fielding prevents the single . This is better from Pakistan , but England milking the singles all too easily still .
struck straight back . This is a better over from BOWLER , who had struggled up to now .
wider line this time , BATTER can only find the short third man fielder
flighted again , BATTER drives to cover
almost squared him up there , I think that kept straight . BATTER was looking to heave but readjusts smartly .
goes on the back foot and tries to biff this past extra cover , only to find the fielder
more flight this time , defended back to the bowler
onto the front foot , crunched to cover
pushed out to cover
thrashed off a good length , freeing the arms but not finding the timing into the covers
a pull off a good length , and VInce is struck on the helmet , via a top-edge . He 's fine , but out comes the physio
banged into the deck , BATTER winds up for the big smear down the pitch , and ends up playing a tennis-smash to mid-off
full length , and pushed through the line
very full , worked to the leg side
full length , pressed with a full face to mid-on
zips through as BATTER has a waft and ca n't make contact . Any sort of bat on that pull would have flown
worked off the legs once more
fired through outside off stump , an attempted cut
up on the toes , cracked to cover with a very pleasing click of willow
big appeal ! That was very full , and slightly leg-sided . Serious thoughts of a review but FIELDER reckons that would have been sliding down
tight line , solid defence
thumped on the pad , down the leg side , as BOWLER fires one through faster and flatter
full length , defended back down the track . A decent over
firmly forward , into the covers
back of a length as FIELDER comes round the wicket , more angle , but back into the right-hander this time
slapped to the off side , a bit of shape across the right-hander
full-faced push to mid-on , tight lines
up on the toes , punched to cover
wider line , a touch of outswing once more . Ca n't connect on the cut/slap
zipping through to the keeper , nip off the seam , and that 's a corker . BATTER pushes at thin air and is grateful for that fact
punched on the up , in the air for a time as point pounces
tucked to the leg side once more , a slight shake of the head from BATTER , feeling as though he ought to have squeezed that through
back of a length , the leg-stump line at least keeps England from freeing their arms . Nudged to square leg
thudded into the off side . Solid lines from BOWLER to keep England under wraps
thuds the pad , on a very full length , but no appeal
back of a length , arrow-straight , rising sharply into a solid block
a flashing cut , but that 's too full and skids under the swishing blade
cracked on the up into the covers
swinging away from the right-hander , a woolly waft at thin air
a flat-footed waft , as the ball curls through to the keeper , keeping a touch low as it does so . The best and the worst of JM BATTER 's off-side strokeplay in the space of three balls
flinched off the hip into the gap at midwicket
full and beating the bat as BATTER steps outside leg and has a mow
another rapid bouncer , Imam again crouches out of the way ... Possibly wide on height ? Not given , so BOWLER finishes his 10 overs with 1 for 62
spicy bumper , 88mph and Imam ducks it smartly
dug in , climbing through , Imam ducks ( perhaps wisely )
back of a length and tapped down from the crease
full , 90mph outside off , BATTER backs away but plinks his drive to mid-off
quick , wide yorker that he can only jam down on
dug in , 81mph and he swings and misses
slower ball , aimed wide towards the tramlines as BATTER steps away , realises he ca n't hit that if he tried
fired in full , 89mph and a whisker from hitting off stump ! BATTER completely done for pace this time , bat nowhere but he narrowly survives
another slowie , legcutter outside off and BATTER loses shape trying to slog down the ground
nicely bowled , full and wide with the pace taken off , BATTER swings for the fences but misses entirely
length , 82mph and worked towards midwicket
better length , tapped into the off side
length ball , just 81mph , maybe a cutter from BOWLER , jabbed to midwicket
pushed towards backward point
goes for the yorker now , swerving in at 92.7mph but BATTER is equal to it stepping across and digging it out to the on side
back of a length and defended around off stump
fired in straight and tapped down in front of the stumps
pitched up on off stump , 88mph and BATTER drills it to mid-off
missed stumping ! Dances down , swing and a miss - but FIELDER has n't grasped it with BATTER stranded ! A mistake by England 's stand-in captain , although it was one of those hard ones that you only sight at the last moment , he went for it leg side but the ball deflected off the fingertips to short fine leg , and the chance was gone
quicker ball , BATTER goes back and cuts but picks out backward point
bit of dip and flight , beats the bat as BATTER hangs back and cuts
pushed in a little straighter and then seaming as BATTER tries to close the face and squirts a leading edge to extra cover
fullish around off stump , 89mph and drilled straight to mid-off
length on off , steered towards point
back of a length , 89mph and BATTER is tucked up and mistimes his attempted cut
tossed up and whipped to midwicket
another slower delivery , in the channel and BATTER mistimes his swing and fails to connect again
lovely bowling , 87mph and nipping off the straight , beats BATTER fishing outside off
short of a length outside off , dabbed behind point
pushed through straight , clipped off the front pad but finds mid-on for a dot ball to finish
floated up and worked off the pads
sliding down the leg side , BOWLER is convinced there was an inside edge on this ... BATTER Wharf does n't give it but England review ! Was it pad or bat ? Clearly thigh pad on the replay and BATTER will continue
lobbed up on middle and leg , cushioned back towards the bowler
good ball , BATTER blocks straight back
wicket-to-wicket line , defended
straighter one , blocked
good ball , defended through the legside

lovely drive off the back foot , but excellent fielding at point saves another probable boundary .
slower ball , defended to the leg side . Batsmen think about a run but think again
straight back to the bowler
googly , BATTER deflects to short third man
straight back to BOWLER , . The pressure must be building up now . This is far too sluggish for a pitch this good
pulled but goes straight to the close-in fielder , not timing on that either
slower ball , defended to the off side
cut away to short third man , brings to a close another good over .
defended straight back to the bowler
shorter this time , BATTER gets an inside edge
shorter this time , brilliant fielding from FIELDER ! BATTER thwacked it for what seemed a certain boundary , one handed stop diving to his right does the job
another good delivery , this is a tight line BOWLER is holding . BATTER can but defend
good length from BOWLER , blocked
driven elegantly , but straight to mid-on
googly . BATTER made some room and stabbed through the offside , but straight to the fielder
attempted sweep , struck on the pad , but well outside leg stump
wild swing by BATTER , no timing on it . Goes straight to mid-on . Tidy first over after drinks
straight back to
eased back to the bowler on a full length
looped up , defended to the off side
blotted back down the pitch
fuller length outside off , punched back to the bowler
a wafty slap back to the bowler , who grabs in his followthrough . That was the back-of-the-hander , and well enough directed
full and straight , solid defence on the front foot
areas , Denners , areas . Loopy line , blocked on off stump
leaning forward , pressed into the off side
a floaty drive , very full outside off , but ca n't quite size up the pace as short cover gathers
firmly forward , defended
big appeal ! Rapped on the pad but he 's a long way down the pitch , and probably outside the line
firmly forward , good areas
tossed up , dipping , blocked
a squeezed drive off the back foot , not timed . This is a better start to BOWLER 's spell than he 's thus far displayed
on the back foot , sliding through , not quite timed on the pull
firmly forward to complete a decent finish to the over for
slippy pace outside off , BATTER leans back for the late cut , but the ball gets big on him
eased into the covers
solidly blocked down the track
pressed into the covers
leading edge , squared up on a full length . Lively over
full and fast , with a hint of nibble outside off ! BATTER 's bat flinches as the ball zings past
solid areas once more , poked into the off side to end the over
full length , nothing to work with width-wise , tapped back to the bowler
angled into the off stump , met with a stout forward defensive
angled defence into the off side
fuller , straighter , stoutly blocked
stretching forward to block back down the pitch
back on the straight and narrow , full length on off stump , blocked
leaning back on the slap to cover , a touch shorter and wider , but BATTER is n't in position to capitalise
through to the keeper again , outside off , no stroke this time . Just line and length , and heat
nip off the seam ! Jagging back from a full length , rapping the thigh pad
pressing forward , drilled to cover
outside off , stabbed into the off side
attempted pull , and that 's hurt Imam ! He flings away his bat and rushes towards square leg before crumbling to the floor . Ow , that 's hit him flush on the elbow ! 89mph , and straight as a die , he looks in an awful lot of pain ... here 's hoping it 's just the funny bone playing tricks , not a fracture
fast and full , stout defence once more
zinging through to the keeper , that 's a lovely line , so close to the stumps to cramp the batsman from the outset , then ghosting off the seam
sliding into line on the back foot , rising to meet the lifting delivery . Not a lot to hit so far ...
banged in short , Imam sways inside the line as the ball fades towards the cordon .
rapped on the pads , a strangulated appeal , probably nipping past off stump
tight to the stumps , slightly back of a length , defended with a hop on the back foot . Lively
outside off , tucked into the off side , point gathers .
back on a full and straight length . This is a hot over , 92.2mph now ...
full and fast again , 91.6mph . That is encouraging signs already . Solid defence
slung down the track , onto a full length , sturdy defence to a sharp delivery
full and pretty fast from the outset , hoicked to leg from outside off
well bowled , very full , tight to middle and leg , defended off the back foot
tight line and length , lifting on off stump , blocked
back of a length on the pads , clipped to square leg . 88mph
more good heat outside off , hitting the seam on a fourth-stump line and jagging away
outside off , that 's a lively pace with a bit of nip away from the left-hander . Good start
pushed through quicker and BATTER defends
tossed up , googly outside leg and it hits him on the thigh
steps away to leg , BOWLER follows him ... smashed into his front boot as he turns his back and swings for the pickets
slower ball , big old heave from BATTER , does n't connect
pitched up in the channel , 81mph and BATTER now brings out the ramp , squirted to short fine leg - full marks for effort
dug in short , 82mph and this time BATTER bails out early , like a giraffe trying to do the limbo
back of a length over the stumps , BATTER shuffles away and misses with a tentative dab
fuller , on the stumps and deflected heind square , BATTER had gone a long way down and had to double back as the throw came in ... and BATTER then wanted one on the overthrow ! Everyone as they were
short of a length , zipping through around shoulder height as he backs away
pitched up and poked back to the bowler
full and fast at 84mph , just outside off as BATTER jams down and gets the toe of the bat on it
round the wicket , knuckleball from BOWLER , chopped into the on side
big old yahoo from BATTER , completely misses the ball ! BOWLER stares at him like something weird growing in a petri dish
short of a length outside off , BATTER lets it go
round the wicket , fired in full and met coming forwards
fuller , around middle and leg , met with a gawky prod towards mid-off
dug in , flying through as the batsman crouches out of the way
length ball , a touch leg side and jabbed away
shortish outside off , 84mph and sliding through to the keeper as BATTER hangs back
back of a length , 82mph and defended towards backward point
length outside off , lets this one go
shortish , BATTER goes back and throws the hands at a cut , passes the top edge
good length around off stump , blocked
full outside off , 84mph and squeezed to backward point ... BATTER wanted one but is sent back by his partner , diving desperately for the crease as FIELDER 's throw skims by !
shortish outside off , big swipe across the line , fails to connect
short ball , ducks down out of the way
back of a length , 83mph and defended on off stump
fuller , tickled off the toes to midwicket , BATTER sends him back
length and tapped down from the crease
BATTER gets forwards and taps the ball back to the bowler
a shorter ball from BOWLER , he blocks it
a push back to the bowler
pushes that one away
fended away

tapped down to the on side
cut away hard but there 's a fielder at cover
dancing down the pitch , but he does n't get much on it and it 's away towards a close fielder
a little step back and driven away there for an odd-looking shot
prodded back to the bowler , who rolls onto the ground to stop the ball
pushed to the on-side , good bowling to contain the batsmen this over
and again , he 's just flicking those away a safe distance
nice ball there , on target and he fends it away on the on side
pushed onto the off side
pushed away
pushed away
he prodded to point , set off for a cheeky single , had to motor to get back when he discovered the run was n't on , he makes his ground comfortably , although the scoreboard said otherwise momentarily
good bowling here , the batsman simply blocks again
a little push away and he scampers back to his crease
a good ball there and he just defends
pushed backward of point
good ball to finish , full and in line , he ca n't do much but defend
prodded away on the off side and the fielder collects
he fends , thinks about the run but then thinks better of it
good ball there , he can only block it into the ground
he 's hit that straight back to the bowler , who collects off the ground
blocked calmly
that one 's gone straight along the ground to the fielder
he 's just prodded that one to the off side , a better ball
full and straight , Safaraz blocks
fended away
good length , fended away for a dot
that was nice and straight and the batsman plays and misses
another fuller ball , just outside off and it 's fended away
poked to the off side
tapped into the covers , guarding the stumps as BOWLER skids it through on off stump
outside off , flashing through to the keeper as BATTER loses his bottom hand on the cut
probing length , tempting the drive , crushed to short cover
sharp bouncer , fizzing through a flaccid pull . England are reasserting themselves despite a decent partnership
angled into the pads , defended to cover
beaten outside off .. lovely bowling , nibbling off the deck and past the off stump
squared up on the back foot , stabbed into the covers
full and floaty , outside off , and drilled to short cover
whipped off the pads to midwicket , solid connection but ca n't beat the field . Just a single from that over
loopy back-of-the-hander , dips on the crease on a very full length , flashed into the off side
well bowled again , rolling the fingers on a fuller length ball . Tight line and blocked
skidding through on a full length , solidly blocked back down the pitch
very full and straight , punched down the pitch and gathered with a tumble at mid-on
wide on the crease , angling into the stumps , blocked back down the pitch
sliding back and across , into line for the defensive punch
cracked on the up into the off side
well bowled , ghosting past the outside edge on a tight angle . Lures the play-and-miss
opens the face , squeezed to cover
crunched back to the bowler , who gathers in his followthrough
fuller , straighter , blocked with intent on the back foot
left alone on a wider line
head over the ball , leaning forward , blocked back down the pitch
fuller length from BOWLER , pumped to mid-off
tightening up on the off stump , solidly blocked into the off side
fuller , wobbling to the crease , an inside-edged drive into the front pad
pressing forward
cracked on the up , straight to mid-on
working across the front pad , a policy fraught with danger
left alone outside off stump
tapped to the off side
on the pads , nudged to the leg side
tight line , solid defence , into the leg side
beaten outside off , zipping off the deck , past the outside edge . Zippy
curling away , then nipping off the deck , beats the outside edge . Tidy
tightens up in defence
tighter line on off stump , solid defence on the back foot
tidy start , bending across the right-hander and beating a loose drive
dots up the maiden to superb effect , on the drive , pressed to the off side
defended back down the track
turned to the leg side , walking across the stumps , thoughts of a single but nothing there
back of a length , a hint of extra bounce on a tight line and blocked back down the pitch with some unease
Lovely line and length , pitching straight , angling across the left-hander , beating the outside edge
fired in full and straight , dug out behind square but BATTER refuses the single
spears in a wide yorker , jammed through to the keeper
round the wicket , full and wide of the stumps , BATTER ca n't connect
angling in on the stumps and tapped away
full and tailing in towards off stump , BATTER steers it to cover point
short of a length over off stump , defended square
full outside off , mistimed into the covers
back of a length outside off , BATTER dabs it towards short third man
floated up on off , BATTER drills the ball to extra cover , ca n't get it through
tossed up , full outside off and BATTER ca n't get under it as he tries to thrash through cover
darted down on fourth stump , BATTER blocks
comes across but ca n't steer this past point
tight lines , worked into the leg side
angled in from over the wicket , tucked off the front pad to the infielder again
floated up leg side , BATTER finds midwicket
good pace , 88mph and hot quite short or wide enough to cut , BATTER bottom-edges it into the turf
presses forward and pokes this into the covers
shortish on off stump , BATTER gets into line this time
bit of width and BATTER hangs his bat out rather tamely , I though there was a sound as the ball zipped through ... must have been the noises in my head spikes
comes forward and pokes this towards mid-on
round the wicket , tossed up on off stump and blocked resolutely on the front dog
lobbed up wide of the stumps , reaches for the drive
better length from BOWLER , defended on off stump
shortish , cross-seam and skidding on , takes the shoulder of the bat but does n't carry to slip ! BATTER just trying to angle that to third man
round the wicket , angled in flat and flicked to backward square leg
over the wicket and angling in , BATTER plays it back
tossed up outside off , opens the face and swishes a drive to backward point
pushed towards mid-on from the crease
better length outside off , BATTER watches it by
drifting in , BATTER pushes it away , decent bowling there from
that ball drifted in and BATTER just blocks it away again
a push to cover
just a block to the on-side
full toss and he 's hit that to mid-on
that one bounced around chest height and BATTER just bends his back to avoid it
just a block there from
that 's a wide-ish yorker and they stand their ground
a slower delivery there and the batsman ca n't do much with it
he 's blocked that one away
punched back down the pitch
BATTER sways out of the way of that one , which bounced high
ooh , the keeper has fumbled that but looks like it hit pad , rather than bat
blocked comfortably
swatted away , he does a little twirl and back to face
that 's going down the off-side and he lets it pass
that one whizzes past , going down the off-side
a wider ball , out of reach of the batsman
a little nudge away
pushed away for a dot
a little jive down the wicket there from BATTER and it 's gently prodded away
blocked , it trickles onto the off-side and they decide against a run , wisely
slapped towards point , safe but no run
nudged back to the bowler
banged into the ground and it travels towards point , there 's a fielder there
ooh that beat the bat and the keeper collects
defended down the pitch
oops , just pinned back there but no damage done on either side
driven back to the bowler
pulled to mid-wicket
a fuller ball and defended
the ball angled in on him and he 's pushed to the on-side
BOWLER is back into the attack after the spinners took some beating from the batsmen . BATTER just blocks that one
straight back to the bowler it goes
defended back to the bowler
blocked onto the on-side
bashed into the covers for no return
blocked in front
that was just nudged back to the bowler
driven back to the bowler
comfortably nudged down leg
blocked comfortably by the skipper
dobbed on middle and leg , BATTER tucks it to midwicket
flat on the pads and swished to square leg
floated up on middle and leg , BATTER turns it off his pad
drifting in on the stumps and clipped to mid-on
floated up and punched into the covers
lobbed up , pretty accurate stuff from BOWLER so far , poked back to the bowler
low-slung non-turner on off , BATTER chops it into the covers
angled across a touch wide and BATTER mistimes a cut
round the wicket , lobbed up and patted back to the bowler
tight stuff from BOWLER , not much width and BATTER stabs it to point
tossed up a bit slower and BATTER cuts uppishly towards backward point
bit of flight from BOWLER , worked with the angle to square leg
touch short on off , blocked back to the bowler
flat outside off , BATTER dabs off the outer half of the bat to short third man
goes back and cuts but picks out point
over the wicket , bit of dip and clipped off the front pad to square leg
angling in on the stumps , 85mph and tucked towards midwicket
fullish and driven , bouncing up towards mid-off
better length and YJB settles for a push into the on side ... Not had much of the strike , has he ?
tossed up and tapped into the covers
full on off , 86mph and BATTER wristily whips the ball to midwicket
better length , tapped down to midwicket moving across
banged in over the top of off , 88mph and blocked on the back foot
better from BOWLER , 87mph on off stump and BATTER blocks it
length ball , 85mph on middle and off , worked down towards midwicket
fuller length , stroked towards extra cover in trademark BATTER style
sharp pace again ! That 'll slow England 's progress down ! Lifting into the gloves from an aggressive spitting line . Fenced down into the deck
full length , almost 90mph , saw VInce coming forward and pinged in the yorker . Sharp bowling and well dug out
punched into the covers
wheeling away on a full length , solidly blocked back down the pitch
tighter line , defended on the back foot
crunched to short cover , that was utterly battered once again . If Pakistan keep feeding that cover drive , they are in for a l-o-o-o-o-ng day
big appeal ! Did that pitch in line , Pakistan ponder but decide against the review
tightens up in defence , tapped to the leg side
flicked to the leg side
very full , right up to the blockhole and thumped energetically back down the track
bat and pad together . Solid in defence
full length , angled across the right-hander , dabbed to point
solid block to the off side
pushed off the toes to the leg side
back of a length , tight line , tucked to the off side
a bit of shape into the pads , very full length , that 's a safer line against the expansive
swinging into the toes , a fumble at midwicket ... which does n't augur well for Pakistan 's fielding effort , but no single on offer
drilled down the ground to mid-off
legbreak , pretty straight , BOWLER fields off his own bowling as BATTER nudges back down the pitch
tossed up , pretty straight , and nudged into the covers
offcutter which keeps very low off the pitch , and BATTER jams it out towards cover-point , inside-edging into his boot before it spills out
full on leg stump , BATTER sets off looking for one and is sent back again , and the throw from short midwicket hits him as he dives to make his ground !
fullish outside off , steered to cover point . Van BATTER set off halfway down the pitch before being sent back ... nervy stuff !
flighted on middle , backs away and punches to short cover
cutter , runs his fingers across it , nudged out into the off side ... BATTER remains on zero
back of a length outside off , steered to point
back of a length , slower ball , tucked to short midwicket off the hip
fullish on fourth stump , steered into the covers
full on off stump , defended with soft hands
no real flight , flat on fourth stump , driven to short extra cover
length ball on off stump , prodded to short cover
driven back to the bowler again , BOWLER fields again and sends BATTER scrambling back into his crease
length ball outside off , defended back to the bowler . BOWLER gathers in his follow-through and has BATTER ducking in anticipation of a shy at the stumps
slower ball , back of a length , rides the bounce and pushes out to point
back of a length , nudged out to mid-off
... and he 'll stay there , working this straight to FIELDER in the circle at wide mid-on
length outside off , gets forward to defend
steered out towards cover-point
nudged towards square leg with very soft hands
turns sharply on a length , nudged out towards mid-off
full , RvdD looks to work through mid-on but BOWLER dives at full stretch to his right to cut it off
no turn this time , holds its line outside off and BATTER nurdles out to midwicket
lunges forward in defence , BOWLER gets down to field off his own bowling
length ball , rocks back at carves to cover on the edge of the ring
full , down the leg side , nudged to FIELDER at short midwicket
full on off stump , defended into the covers
bit of turn from outside off , driven out to cover
nearly chips a return catch to BOWLER again ! Horrible ball , down the leg side , gets a leading edge looking to work out to midwicket , and it loops up just short of the bowler diving forwards . Cricket 's the winner ...
smeared in on fourth stump , defensive nudge
full on off stump , tickled to short midwicket
loopy topspinner down the leg side , BATTER looks to tuck out to leg and misses it . Strangled appeal as he 's struck on the pad
very full , yorker-length , dug out towards mid-off
brings out the reverse-dink to a fullish , spinning ball , and ca n't get any bat on it . BOWLER lets out a howl of anguish
chipped back and juuust short of the bowler ! Hint of turn from over the wicket , RvdD is through the shot early and pushes it inches short of BOWLER 's dive forward
back of a length , dabbed out to backward point
looks to drive down the ground , fierce shot back at BOWLER on the bounce who takes a blow on the hand . Not a million miles away from deflecting it onto the stumps at the non-striker 's end !
solid in defence , head over the ball . That will be drinks
outside off , squeezed to short third man
outside off , turning away from the right-hander who blocks on the front foot
full length , attempted nudge to the off side , but got too much bat on that one
angled bat , down into the off side
chopped to cover , a better over now , after his early long-hop . Fuller length
open face , worked to point
tapped to cover
another reverse sweep , from a standing position - more like French cricket . But ca n't beat backward point
outside off , banged in short , hitting the deck hard , and BATTER ca n't get on top of his cut to point
stands up in the pitch , BATTER nails a flat-batted smear , but FIELDER 's sharp hands at short cover intercept
very full , leaning forward in defence , pushed to point
slower ball , dips into a leg-sided clip , met on the full , but gathered at midwicket
rolls the fingers on a tight line to the left-hander , dead-batted on the back foot
dropped , though that 's putting it harshly ! BOWLER looks aghast , so it 'll have to count , but that was just a stick-out-a-mitt-and-hope moment . A clobber through the line , into his outstretched left hand
slower ball , looping out of the back foot , and met on the half-volley with a thump to mid-off
better line , shaping into the stumps . Poked to point
back of a length , blocked down the pitch on a tight line
patted out to the covers
tight line , just back of a length , dabbed down on an off-stump line
round the wicket once more , full length , tight line , blocked with a full face back to the bowler
pushed onto the defensive by a full-length stump-threatener . Right back on the crease to block
crunched off the front foot , straight at short cover
lots of air , that 's a good teasing delivery , BATTER comes forward and punches back to the bowler
over the wicket , tight line and length , blocked to the off side
slower ball , well disguised , BATTER rocks back on the pull but the ball has died on him
blocked down into the crease
onto the front foot , clubbed into the covers
tossed up , dipping onto the crease outside off , a cultured drive , straight to short cover
tossed up and dipping into the toes
round the wicket , back of a length , shaping into the right-hander , met on the back foot with a gentle pat to cover
tickled off the legs into the midwicket region
an arcing swipe through the line , outside off , ends up at mid-on , but they turn down the run
dipping into the toes , over the wicket , attacking the off stump , clipped to midwicket
tapped out to point on the front foot
head over the ball in defence
nudged out to the off side
on the back foot , solidly blocked in front of middle
full on off stump , clipped to short midwicket
nurdled out towards backward point
floaty legbreak on leg stump , looks to nudge out to midwicket but is struck on the pad . Thumps his pad in frustration
full and straight , nudged to straight midwicket where FIELDER makes a diving stop to his left
floated up above the eyeline , defended out to backward point
bottom edges into the pitch near his feet , they think about scrambling a single but decide against
angled in towards off stump , prods forward in defence
tossed up above the eyeline , nudged into the covers . 45mph/73kph
nudged out towards square leg , they think about a single but decide against
length outside off , cut out to point on the bounce
length ball , steered out to point on the bounce
full on fourth stump , forced out to mid-on
drag-down , but BATTER does n't pick it up early enough and is struck on the thigh looking to work it through midwicket . Decent recovery from
nudged out to short midwicket
nudged out towards midwicket
slower ball , beaten outside off ! Dangles the bat defensively , and it dribbles past the outside edge and through to FIELDER on the half-volley
length ball , angling in , driven to short extra cover
back of a length , steered out to point , BATTER sets off but is sent back by BATTER as FIELDER hares in to field
half-volley on fifth stump , driven out to mid-off . 82mph/132kph to start
length ball , looks to nudge into the covers and steal a run but BOWLER fields in his follow-through
length ball , defended to straight mid-on
bit of drift away , squirted out into the cover-point region with an open face
length outside off , steered to backward point
tossed up , full on off stump , defended back to the bowler
speared in on a length , nudged out to point and BOWLER races back to his mark
length ball in the channel , defended out into the covers
length ball , gets a leading edge on it looking to work out to midwicket but it falls comfortably short of BOWLER in his follow-through
fuller on fourth stump , driven straight to mid-off . 85mph/137kph , BATTER has n't quite found his timing yet
length in the channel , punched out to short cover
slower ball , fullish and straight , defended back to FIELDER . 75mph/120kph
length ball , looks to drive down the ground but FIELDER fields off his own bowling
flicked off the pads , ca n't beat midwicket
full on fourth stump , FIELDER gathers on the bounce in his follow-through , hurls it towards the stumps and hits BATTER ! No malice there , and he holds out his hand in apology
back of a length on the thigh pad , does n't quite pick up the slower ball and is struck on the thigh pad after getting through the shot early
slid across him , inside edges into the body and it spills out towards cover
full of a length on off stump , pushed out to mid-off
nudged out to mid-off , they think about one but decide against
full and straight , dug out to short cover . 82mph/132kph
back of a length on fourth stump , nudged out to wide mid-on
outswinger on a length , left alone . 84mph/134kph
length ball , defended to short cover where FIELDER fields
length ball , looks to flay through mid-on and BOWLER fields off his own bowling
pushed across him , shaping away , left alone
length outside off , 85mph/136kph , left alone . Good carry through to
length ball on fifth stump , defended out to mid-off
back of a length and a hint of width , BATTER leaves alone
slightly full of a length , struck on the pad working to leg , bit shout from BOWLER and given ! BATTER reviews ... looked like it was sliding down on first view . Struck him just above the knee roll , no bat involved . Ooft , awful call ... might have been hitting the top of a fifth stump , but missing leg by miles !
length in the channel , defended back down the track
outswinger , pushed across BATTER who leaves it alone
back of a length ball , defended off the back foot
length ball pushed across him , inside-edged into the pad and it skews away towards point
looping bouncer , BATTER leaves alone , but it 's dipping as it passes him . Well and truly suckered as he sought the wide
banged in short , and wide , BATTER pulls , and under-edges through to the keeper
slower ball , utterly foxed ! Hops obediently over the top of middle , like a well-trained bunny
wide full-bunger , slammed to cover , and FIELDER makes a smudge of it ! Oh dear , that was rank cricket all round . BATTER could have picked anywhere in the field , but belted it straight into the fielder 's bread-basket , and out again !
slower ball , ghosting over the top of middle as BATTER fails to pick that one , and loses his shape on a heave to leg
banged into the deck , BATTER under-edges a wild cross-batted slog
cracked hard back down the wicket , BOWLER gets his body on the line to intercept
shimmies at the crease , BOWLER adjusts well and loops the ball into BATTER 's toes . Tucked to midwicket for the single , and there ends a very fine day 's work from the spinner
head over the ball , stabbed into the covers with a full face
closing the face on a drive , midwicket intercepts
fired into the legs , strikes the pad on the back foot
flogged with awesome power , straight into the non-striker 's stumps ! The ball stops dead as the off stump cartwheels . Unlucky for England
over the wicket , a violent slog-sweep , but connects with nothing but air as the ball slides on through to the keeper
back of a length , sliding down the leg side , excellent connection behind square , but an even better stop from FIELDER who pounces to intercept a certain four
squelch ! That 's taken the wind out of BATTER 's sails ! Climbing into a pull , and missing out entirely ... that looked to thump him in the solar plexus , right on the base of his ribs . Hurty
up on the toes , and poked to cover
nudged into the covers
angled bat , poked to backward point
boshed with a very pleasing followthrough , knee bent , arms cocked , bat slapping backside . But not a lot of timing to mid-off
signs of aggression as BATTER walks to the pitch for a drive to cover
whittled off the legs to midwicket
tight line , clipped to midwicket , sharp gather to cut off the single
a wafty drive into the covers , and snaffled with a dive
back and across , dabbed down into the track to the on-side
worked off the legs , as BATTER leans across the crease
forward and defended
back of a length , on the angle into the right-hander , another sturdy block to point
well bowled , angling in from round the wicket , tight to off stump , BATTER attempts a cramped cut and misses
width outside off , but a scuffed cut straight to point
back of a length , very slow off the deck , met at the top of the bounce with a hard press to cover
stretching to the pitch of the ball , and punched back to the bowler
tapped off the toes to short midwicket
forward and blocked
fullish on fourth stump , pressed out towards mid-off with a high front elbow
length ball outside off , looks to drive through cover with a flourish of the wrists in the shot and is comprehensively beaten !
full on fifth stump , driven back to the bowler who makes a good stop low to his left
round arm , wide on the crease , defended back to the bowler
lunges forward to prod into the covers
slides on with the angle , inside edges into the pad looking to work to leg
low full toss , clipped to mid-on , but again ca n't beat the fielder
steered towards backward point but ca n't beat the fielder
length ball in the channel , defended to short cover
short ball , aimed at the shoulder , and BATTER ducks underneath it
length ball in the channel , squeezed out to point
full on off stump , driven out to mid-off
fullish on off stump , a little quicker through the air and BATTER defends
full on off stump , flicked to short midwicket
tossed up , nudged behind square
length on fifth stump , defended out to mid-off
back of a length , defended down the pitch
length ball on fourth stump , defended back down the pitch
googly to start , defended out towards mid-off
length in the channel , steered out to point
length on fourth stump , worked to short midwicket
back of a length outside off , pressed to mid-off on the back foot
googly , tucked to mid-on
drops short , not much bounce , and BATTER punches straight to short extra cover off the back foot
fullish , just outside off . BATTER lunges forward , defending to short midwicket
slower ball , worked out to midwicket
attempted knuckleball , very slow out the hand , BATTER waits for it and punches out to extra cover
back of a length on off stump , defended back down the pitch
good turn on a length , nudged out to short cover
length ball in the channel , defended with a full face
hangs on the back foot to nudge out to backward point
back of a length from round the wicket , keeps a touch low and BATTER jams the bat down in defence
half-volley on off stump , driven out to mid-off
driven out to cover on the front foot
defended towards mid-on with a full face
good turn on a length , hacked back to the bowler via the inside half of the bat
appeal from BOWLER , but always going down . Fullish on the pads , BATTER looked to whip it out towards square leg but was struck on the pad
squared up on the back foot , tapped to the off side
sizing up midwicket , but takes a leading edge into the covers
poked to mid-on , BOWLER keeping things tight as BATTER presses forward
knocked into the off side , FIELDER swoops to deter any thoughts of a single
onto the front foot , takes an inside edge but safe
fullish on off stump , defended back to the bowler
length outside off , driven out to cover point off the back foot
and again ! Beaten outside off three times in a row . BOWLER ca n't believe he 's not found the edge ... keeps lowish , and scuttles past the toe
beaten outside off again , fends apologetically at it as BOWLER nips this past the bat
hangs a length ball outside off , hint of nibble away as BATTER is suckered into the drive and he ca n't get any bat on it
uses his feet , BOWLER drags his length back , and he spoons this up towards the short leg region looking to flick into the leg side
tossed up on off stump , inside edged out towards short midwicket looking to drive
looks to drive out into the covers , steers it back to the bowler via the inside half of the bat
length on fifth stump , bottom edges into the back pad and it skews out into the off side
keeps a little low in the channel , BATTER jams the bat down on it and defends towards cover
back of a length on off stump , defended back to the bowler
length in the channel , BATTER shoulders arms
full on off stump , defended back down the pitch
defended into the off side with a full face
turn from a wide line , away from the left-hander , who ca n't connect on a late cut
rolls the fingers on a fuller length , good areas , BATTER drills a drive to point
cracked with power straight to short cover . Bump ball , but the crowd are excited
leaning into a defensive push
back and across to defend
leaning back for the cut , but there 's no pace for BATTER to work with
width , but a fine intercept at gully as BATTER eases into a late cut
solid in defence
flatter and wider , BATTER cuts but ca n't find the angle to elude backward point
stretching onto the front foot to block back down the pitch
banged in short , the skipper ducks
tidy areas once more , BATTER bides his time
head right over the ball , and defended back to the bowler
a big appeal , but to no avail as BOWLER lands one on a teasing length and raps the pad on a leg-stump line
stabbed out to the off side
slower ball , and BATTER is confounded on an attempted mow through point . The ball scuds below his swishing blade
outside off , opens the face for a dab to backward point
crunched off the back foot , out to cover
tapped to leg , BATTER feigns a shimmy to leg beforehand , but Jon-Jon is no dumb-dumb
swept , but ca n't find the placement to elude backward square
punched out to point with a full face of the bat
round the wicket with his left-arm spin , looped onto a decent length
tapped back down the track
a waft across the line , thumps the pad but that pitched well outside leg
tapped into the off side
solid line and length from over the wicket , pushed firmly back to the bowler
good length from BOWLER , tight line too , BATTER eases into a defensive push back to the bowler
back of a length , tapped to short cover
back of a length , BATTER climbs into a pull and ca n't connect
solid block , on the back foot . No way through there
banged in short , an aggressive pull , but BATTER toe-ends the shot straight back to the bowler . He was through the stroke too quickly
tapped to short cover , looking for the single , but that straight man reacts quickly to gather
angled bat , out to point . A very straight catcher standing on the popping crease at mid-off , just getting in his eyeline
solid block out to cover , standing tall on the back foot
outside off , a chastised leave-alone from BATTER to complete the over
flipped off the toes , and dropped ! FIELDER at short midwicket , stooping to his left , and that should have been taken !
belted from back of a length , in the air for a while but a yard short of backward point
nip off the seam from back of a length , a bit of a flaccid flat-footed poke from BATTER , who looks a little disgusted with himself
pumped into the covers once again , BATTER is playing catch-up already , as his partner has had the bulk of the strike so far . Might take a ball or two to calibrate fully ...
a compact drive , sweetly timed but straight at mid-off
dabbing the bat at a wide one , out to backward point . England have n't quite got to grips with the lack of pace in this surface yet . But it is a mere 11 balls of reconnaissance !
better line and length from BOWLER , no great pace - 136kph - but met on the back foot with a high elbow
a yawning leave as BOWLER fires one out wide to the right-handed BATTER . A very tidy first over
jabbed back down the line of the ball , excellent areas once again , although the umpire seems to be a touch interested in BOWLER ' followthrough
solid on the back foot , no great pace in the deck as BATTER waits and waits to push the ball back whence it came
back of a length , good areas as BATTER hangs on the back foot to gauge the pace of the wicket
leg-stump line , full length , nipping to off as BATTER walks into an open-stanced block to the leg side
on the stumps and securely blocked once again
BOWLER steams in , hits a length , the ball angling back at BATTER ... who chops down in defence
climbing through outside off , 139kph/87mph and BATTER lets it zip through
short of a length and defended
pitched up , driven uppishly towards mid-off , does n't carry
short in the channel and BATTER flirts with a late cut , does n't connect - another over passes by
round the wicket , defended into the covers
in the channel , played off the back foot towards backward point
short of a length and BATTER rides the bounce , turns to leg and calls ... but BATTER quickly sends him back
defended solidly on the front foot
cutter from BOWLER , jabbed watchfully towards backward point
slower ball , on the stumps and defended calmly by
comes across and taps the ball down
round the wicket , fullish on off stump , BATTER defends
length ball in the channel , BATTER comes across and leaves
chin music , right at the helmet grille , BATTER rocks back and misses with an attempted uppercut
round the wicket , decent length on off , BATTER defends
oof , bounce from a length , cops a blow on the body ! BATTER trying to get forward , clipped the bottom glove and then deflected into the ribs
pitched up , BATTER chips it back to the right of BOWLER , who sticks out a hopeful arm but was n't anywhere near it
length ball outside off , defended back towards the bowler
comes across and pushes into the off side
back of a length , 134kph/83mph outside off , BATTER has an almighty mow and misses
over the wicket , short ball climbing at BATTER 's throat , he fends with the hands up , thinking about the uppercut but keeps his powder dry in the end
comes across to defend on off stump
dug in with pace off and BATTER has a flaccid flirt in the channel as the ball loops through
short of a length over leg stump , BATTER defends
shuffles across and taps the ball down
back of a length outside off , defended
back of a length outside off , dropped down on the off side
flung down short and wide and BATTER ca n't lay bat on it as he attempts a leaping fly-swat ... then grimaces as FIELDER signals one over shoulder height for the over
drops back , dabbed down towards backward point
pushed through and clipped to the man at midwicket - just one off the over from
floated up outside off , dabbed into the covers
on the stumps , defended
full and flighted , punched along the carpet to mid-off again
tossed up and driven towards mid-off
good length on off , 135kph/83mph , presses out to defend
back of a length , BATTER defends square
big roar from the crowd , FIELDER takes the catch as BOWLER straightens one from round the wicket ... but no bat on it , the bowler shaking his head
dragged down , quicker ball on the pads , jabbed towards short fine leg who cuts it off on the dive
tossed up full , leans out and defends
flighted , spinning on the stumps and BATTER tucks it square
tossed up on middle and leg , tapped away
back of a length in the channel , defended out to cover point
full on fourth stump , driven back down the ground
back of a length , struck on the thigh pad and bobbles down at his feet
tossed up , yorker-length , driven out to mid-off
googly , clipped to short midwicket
full on fourth stump , defended back down the pitch
full and straight , defended back to the bowler
slower ball in the channel , defended out to midwicket via the inside edge
defended with a straight bat down into the leg side
length on fourth stump , defended down the pitch
full on leg stump , gets a leading edge looking to work to leg and it squirts out to cover
length ball , 85mph/136kph , defended into the covers
tossed up outside off , driven out to cover on the half-volley
full and straight , driven out to mid-off
pressed out defensively into the off side
back of a length on fifth stump , defended to short midwicket
defended to short midwicket
defended on the front foot with a full face
nudged out to short midwicket with a straight bat
fullish and straight , BATTER looks to work through the leg side but FIELDER makes a good diving catch at midwicket
length ball in the channel , defended to point with an open face
length outside off , driven uppishly but falls just short of the man at short cover
length ball on fifth stump , BATTER defends as one hand comes off the bat
length outside off , steered out towards cover point
defended into the covers on the back foot
short to start , jumps onto the back foot in defence
slightly full of a length , BATTER hangs back in his crease and steers to third man
fired in a touch fuller and straighter , nudged to straight midwicket
length on off stump , pushed out to cover
flighted on fourth stump , driven out to cover
length outside off , hacked out to extra cover
defended back to the bowler with a straight bat
gentle length ball in the channel , BATTER tries to carve it away cross-batted but there 's not much carry and it scoots away under the bat
back of a length outside off , flicked to the leg side straight to FIELDER at short square leg on the bounce
cutter , back of a length , nudged out to point
bit of turn , wider of the off stump , defended out to point
skids on with the angle from round the wicket , defended back to the bowler
tossed up again , push out to extra cover on the front foot
tossed up , gives it some real air , BATTER defends towards extra cover
full and straight to start , nudged to short midwicket
legbreak from outside off , BATTER lunges forward to defend with bat and pad together
full and straight , inside edged down to the man on the 45
googly again , defended awkwardly towards point
googly , defended back to the bowler
back of a length , fenced out to point with an open blade
length outside off , defended into the off side
fullish and straight , looks to tickle round the corner but only finds short fine leg
floated up above the eyeline , driven firmly but ca n't beat the fielder at short cover
googly , nudged to short midwicket
length ball , defended out towards mid-off
back of a length , steered out to the fielder at point
flatter , straightening on off stump , tucked to the leg side and BOWLER hares after it
pushed through on middle and leg , BATTER pats it back down the track
excellent line from BOWLER , 138kph and nibbling as BATTER does a square dance and is beaten
short of a length outside off , defended coming across
lobbed up full and tucked to the on side again
tossed up and tapped towards midwicket
lobbed up fuller on leg stump , chopped towards midwicket
back of a length on the stumps , 138kph/86mph and BATTER prods it down from the crease
shortish and defended coming across
similar line , again BATTER blocks into the covers
round the wicket , 136kph/84mph over the top of off , BATTER defends
touch short and tapped down to the off side
back of a length on middle and off , BATTER defends
back of a length outsdie off , tapped down square
short of a length , 134kph/83mph and BATTER jumps across to swat a mistimed pull into the covers
in-ducker , hit on the back pad , SA go up ... Not given and height seems to be the main question , but FIELDER reviews ; what will ball-tracking say ? Just shaving the top of leg stump ! But that will stay as umpire 's call , meaning SA do at least keep the review
short of a length , nipping to hit BATTER on the thigh pad as he hangs back
angled in with the arm , BATTER works it square
bit of width on offer and BATTER latches on , gets low to crash the ball square but FIELDER pulls off a smart stop
length ball around the line of off , BATTER shows it a straight bat
fired in straight , 136kph/84mph and BATTER gets his head over the ball in defence
back of a length outside off , opens the face and dabs towards point - still no run
touch short , over the top of off stump , BATTER chops down in defence
back of a length , 137kph/85mph and BATTER inside-edges down into his pads
tight line , 136kph/84mph outside off , lets this one go
pitched up , hint of seam movement as BATTER covers the line and pushes square
on the stumps , driven back towards mid-on without timing
shortish , good pace and YJB taps this one down respectfully
fired in straight , 137kph/85mph from BOWLER and worked to mid-on
gets away with this , short outside off and BATTER bludgeons it into the ground , but picks out the man set back at cover
comes across and taps this down into the covers
lovely line , hits a good length and squeaks past the outside edge , BATTER not quite sure whether to commit
short of a length , 126kph/78mph and defended on the back foot
good ball from BOWLER , hits the seam at 136kph and does him past the inside edge , bit of a waft from BATTER as he looked to swing through the line
pitched up , 136kph/84mph and BATTER aims a malevolent hit down the ground , thick-edges into his pads
goes back and across on off to defend
back of a length , BATTER calmly nudges it into the off side
shortish , tapped down into the off side
length ball , shuffles across and pokes into the covers
good line , extra bounce in the corridor , draws BATTER into a loose prod
over the wicket and angled across the bows , BATTER lets it go outside off
short of a length around off stump , 138kph/86mph and dabbed down into the covers
pitched up and driven , firm strike from YJB but he picks out extra cover
angled in on the stumps , YJB defends
length ball , good seam and this swings away after pitching , left alone in the channel
yorker length , whipped out to wide long-on ... realises there 's no chance of a second , and belatedly decides to turn down the single
shuffles across again looking to hit to the short side , bit of a half-volley , 88mph/142kph and BATTER ca n't get anything on it
slower ball outside off , faint outside edge goes through to FIELDER on the bounce
slower ball , straight , and defended back to the bowler via the glove
slower ball , does n't pick it at all , chipped agonisingly up in the air and short of point ! FIELDER did n't pick it up in time , and BOWLER gives him a bit of a volley for failing to make up the ground
slower ball , does n't read it out the hand and can only defend back towards
back of a length , defended out towards cover point
tries to use his feet but BOWLER darts this in , cramping him up
fired through , no width and tucked out to short midwicket
worked back to the bowler on the bounce
googly , does n't read it , flicks the back thigh and finds FIELDER on the half-volley at slip
fired down leg , gets low to sweep but ca n't beat short fine leg
tries to launch one over midwicket but can only hack it back to
nudged back to the bowler
length ball , tries to reverse-slog and is made to look like a mug , missing it completely
slower ball , runs his fingers down the side of it , and nudged to short midwicket
back of a length , prodded back down the pitch
uses his feet , looking to launch BOWLER over long-on , but can only skew him to FIELDER at mid-on on the bounce
punched out to cover on the bounce
good turn from outside off as Lucky looks to slash him over cover , and ca n't get bat on it
runs his fingers down the side of it , pressed to mid-on with a full face
back of a length , tucked off the hip to FIELDER at short midwicket
length ball , tucked out to short midwicket
slides on with the arm , looks to work into the leg side but mistimes it , and it drops at his feet
tickled towards mid-on
speared in with a round arm , bit of turn , beats the bat and strikes FIELDER in the chest after a bit of extra bounce
back of a length , defended out to FIELDER at cover
length ball on off stump , nurdled out to short midwicket
back of a length , bit of extra bounce , and steered out to point . 84mph/136kph
length ball pushed across the left-hander , left alone . 86mph/138kph
nudged out into the covers
driven back down the pitch to the bowler
smothers the spin lunging forward
hung wide of the off stump , no shot offered
beaten , 86mph/138kph , length outside off , and a little bit of movement in is enough to burst through between bat and pad
length outside off to start , little cutter , and BATTER misses out trying to cart it into next week over cover
pushed through on the stumps , defended
flatter , plays this off the back foot , again picks out the fielder inside the ring
BATTER presses out and works the ball to midwicket
over the wicket , tossed up and tucked to leg with the turn
turned leg side , BOWLER wears the throw on his shoulder at the non-striker 's as they pinch a single
floats up the legbreak around off stump , defended
oh , that 's a jaffa ! Sharp turn from a length for BOWLER , beats BATTER 's back-foot prod , but just clears the top of off stump
BATTER leans out and plays a stately tap into the leg side , like a Victorian gentleman moving some luggage with his cane
tossed up and clipped back to the bowler
lobbed up full on middle and leg , closes the face and nudged to midwicket
flighted , BATTER prods the legbreak back to the bowler
punched to extra cover coming forwards
floated up around off stump and tapped into the covers
floated up , spinning a touch on off and defended
flat outside off and dabbed into the covers
tossed up and swept straight to short fine leg
nudged away as he comes across
tossed up on middle and off , blocked
darted on off stump , BATTER again defends
floated up on off stump , prodded into the covers
googly , full outside off and BATTER plays the wrong line , beaten on the inside and FIELDER makes a juggling take ... no bat involved , though
lets this one go outside off stump
presses out to defend again
darted fuller and BATTER taps it away
pushed through on off stump , BATTER defends
on the stumps and tapped away
tossed up and BATTER comes across
this spins as BATTER closes the face , clips the leading edge and runs wide of slip
length ball , straightening a touch on off stump , BATTER defends watchfully
fired in from round the wicket , hits the back pad ... but heading down leg , I think
pushed through flatter and defended from back in the crease
full and straight , tucked off the front pad
pushed through on the stumps , BATTER defends
oh , nearly finds the outside edge , BATTER dabbing at BOWLER 's googly off the back foot
floated up full and straight , nearly over-balances looking to defend
tossed up and worked to the on side
pushed through and reversed towards short third man

floated up and tapped away to the off side
thuds into the front pad , gone first ball ! Googly again , BATTER missed it by a distance ... and after some deliberation , Shaun Geroge 's finger goes up ! Looked a bit leg side , but South Africa do n't have a review after BATTER 's failed use of the DRS a moment ago . But again there 's a hold up , BATTER told not to leave the field ... and then he signals for a review ! England do n't like this , they 're saying SA do n't have one left , but the umpires have called for it ... and Hawk-Eye shows the ball missing leg stump ! Roars from the crowd , BATTER gets a reprieve after all !
pushed through , clips the front pad , somehow misses the stumps ... ! Not given lbw , either , but England do n't review . Well , that looked close to me , but maybe spun too much
uses the feet , BATTER gets to the pitch and booms a flat drive , straight to FIELDER at mid-off and he has to scuttle back to his ground as the throw comes in
floated up and defended coming across
fired in straight , spinning a touch as BATTER attempts something funky , misses the ball as it flicks his pad on the way through to YJB
googly from BOWLER , clipping the leading edge as BATTER tried to play against the spin
bit quicker on middle and off , BATTER taps it to the off side and BOWLER moves across to field
flighted , over the wicket and pushed back towards the bowler
bit of flight , dipping as BATTER clips a drive straight back to the bowler
over the wicket , flighted outside off and tapped down as BATTER comes across
length ball , moves in sharply off the seam as BATTER looks to flay it through cover point , and it beats the top of his bat
length ball , looks to work into the leg side but can only nudged it back to CJ
length ball , pressed out towards mid-off
defended back down the pitch
fired through , nudged into the on side
shimmies down the pitch looking to tuck this out to midwicket , but only manages to push it back to BOWLER . He gathers in his follow-through
pushed through , full and just about inside the tramlines as BATTER shoulders arms
outswinger , left alone outside off stump
back of a length , steered out to point
bit of movement back in , nudged out into the off side
speared in much quicker on a length , steered out to midwicket
fullish , dug out towards mid-on for none
hung outside the off stump , left alone . 84mph/135kph
outswinger , steered out to backward point
very full , driven out to extra cover
back of a length , bit of turn , shapes to cut but can only carve it to cover
round-arm , bit of flight , inside edged into the pad and it skews away towards gully
length ball , pushed across him at 85mph/137kph . Left alone
left alone outside the off stump
pushed through fuller and tighter to the off stump , left alone
length outside off , left alone . 83mph/134kph
fullish on off stump , pushed out to wide mid-off
fullish on off stump , nudged out to cover
yorker length on sixth stump , 87mph/139kph , dug out into the off side
length ball , driven out to wide mid-off
pitched up , angling in towards the pads , tucked out to midwicket on the bounce
holds its line outside off , BATTER shoulders arms
flies through , 88mph/142kph , seams away from wide of the off stump as BATTER leaves it alone
length outside off , pushed out to extra cover on the back foot
holds its line on a length , 87mph/141kph , defended to mid-off
length on fifth stump , good bounce , 87mph/141kph , defended into the covers
length ball pushed across him , nudged out to mid-off with no real timing
outswinger , hoops away past the outside edge ... good seam movement from a length , and BOWLER is all over BATTER like a rash
nudged out into the covers
beaten ! Pitched up , BATTER 's feet are n't moving well as he looks to push down the ground , and there 's a bit of late swing away to fly past the edge
length ball outside off , driven out to cover
back of a length , 85mph/138kph , BATTER is jumping back in defence and BOWLER has the first maiden of his ODI career
back of a length ball , 87mph/140kph , BATTER looks to defend but can only inside edge into the body
length on sixth stump , defended back to the bowler
a touch fuller , fourth-stump line , tucked out to short midwicket and BATTER is sent back . The throw comes in and hits the stumps , but he 's comfortably home
88mph/141kph , BOWLER cranking the speed up , left alone outside off . Moves in off the seam this time , but wide enough to leave alone
holds its line , hung outside off and left alone . 87mph/140kph
length ball , hung outside off , BATTER shoulders arms
back of a length in the channel , rides the bounce to steer to cover point . 82mph/132kph
length on sixth stump , defended down the pitch
tighter line , back of a length , edged into the thigh and it drops down at his feet
outswinger on a length , 85mph/137kph , left alone . Good carry through to
length outside off , fenced out to cover where FIELDER makes a good stop to his left
outswinger on a length , hung outside the off stump and left alone
length ball , driven out to mid-off ... that 's the first time BATTER has got bat to ball !
back of a length , little offcutter this time and BATTER draws the bat inside the line at the last moment
back of a length , left alone with a flourish
beaten again ! You know the drill , length ball pushed across him , good bounce and a hint of movement away off the seam , and past the outside edge high on the bat
back of a length in the channel , defended back to the bowler on the back foot . 85mph/136kph
back of a length , a bit of extra bounce to strike the top of the splice as BATTER defends
hard length on fifth stump , 87mph/140kph , tucked out to wide mid-on
back of a length , fended out to cover off the back foot . 86mph/138kph
length outside off , 84mph/136kph , left alone
pushed a fraction wider , and BATTER shoulders arms . Maiden to start
beaten for a third time in the over ! BOWLER is all over BATTER , perfect length , BATTER is unsure whether to go forward or back and it angles away from his defensive shot and through to
pushed across him , left alone
beaten again ! BATTER bit of nip away off the seam , BATTER looks to defend and misses it completely
beaten ! Shapes in , draws him into playing a defensive prod and it jags away off the seam and through to
outswinger on a length to start things off , 80mph/129kph , left alone END