chopped on ! BOWLER makes the breakthrough . Too little , too late ? Length ball , angling across BATTER , who was hanging back in his crease after those short balls . He threw his hands at it , looking to flay it away through cover , but could only inside-edge onto the base of the stumps . The 91-run stand is broken , but England are nearly home and hosed
flashing drive to backward point ! That was richly earned in that over ! Pace and most importantly bounce , as BATTER threw his hands at the sight of width , and could n't keep his shot down . FIELDER tumbles to gather , and now we 've got a game !
huge appeal ! Vast appeal ! Surely a noise ! Yes , gone ! That 's brilliant from BOWLER , tight line , back of a length , fizzing through BATTER 's midriff and nicking the edge as it does so . Pace , line , lift , nick ! He had to beg for the finger , so to speak , but umpire Robinson pondered for a while and eventually agreed !
chopped onto the stumps ! Back of a length , not quite as much width as BATTER had bargained for , but he climbs into it all the same . A fractional misjudgement , and an under-edge into the sticks ! It 's been a blazing start , but Sri Lanka have clawed it back with two in two overs
a rushed hoick , and BATTER 's flustered innings ends BATTER 's fluent scoring somehow gets his team-mate 's adrenaline flowing instead , and a muffed attempt to claw a pull off a good length ends up in mid-on 's hands
comedy running once again , and both batters are at the keeper 's end . Throw comes in to BOWLER at the bowler 's end , and he does the rest . Someone find the Benny Hill music . Length ball from BOWLER , steered to FIELDER at point . BATTER had no interest in the single but by the time he 'd looked up , BATTER was stood next to him . FIELDER kept his composure and BOWLER knocked the bails off . BATTER sacrifices himself . Mickey Arthur has his head in his hands ... again !
skewed straight to short midwicket ! Dug in , back of a length , and BATTER gets himself into a right pickle trying to work to leg . It loops up off the bat , straight to FIELDER in close , and Sri Lanka lose their eighth . From 145 for 3 , Sri Lanka have lost 5 for 15 .
huge heave across the line , and FIELDER pockets the pull ! It 's a long old boundary , and the man is stationed right back on the rope . BATTER 's valiant effort is over , and now England will be sensing a quick kill
crashed on the pad ... a huge pause for thought and Robinson puts up the finger ! BATTER reviews ... there 's no bat as the ball tweaks into a planted front pad , and it 's clipping leg ! Unlucky , had it been not out on the field it would have stayed not out . But England are deep into their day 's work now
sharp take at a solitary slip ! That 's brilliant from FIELDER , but also from BOWLER , pushing it across the left-hander , perfect seam position punishing the hard-handed punch , and the 150-cap man springs into action , diving to his left to snaffle BOWLER ' fourth of the innings !
the short ball does it again for BOWLER ! BATTER takes it on , but the boundary is huge and he ca n't get hold of it , or keep it down . FIELDER sprints in from deep midwicket and scoops up another fine outfield catch , he took a similar one in the T20Is , and there ends a valiant innings
absolute beauty , not far short of unplayable . This is liquid BOWLER . Perfect length , angling in from over the wicket , nipping away just a touch off the seam , and finding the outside edge as BATTER gets forward to defend . A thin outside edge , through to FIELDER , and England have a third !
edged and gone ! Duck for BATTER on debut . Not much of a shot , if truth be told . Back of a length , bit of bounce , and BATTER plays away from his body with minimal foot movement , looking to punch defensively towards cover-point . Thick outside edge , and FIELDER gobbles up the chance at slip
pulled straight to short midwicket ! Bit of a long-hop , 80mph and back of a length , and BATTER pulls with a full extension of the arms , but ca n't get it over FIELDER , who takes the simplest catch imaginable ! A cunning ploy ...
back of a length , plinked to short midwicket ! Slightly too close to BATTER 's right hip to take on the shot , and he tried to muscle it past FIELDER , who was in tight . Not great contact off the bat but still came at him quickly , and DdS threw himself to his right to take an excellent catch ! BOWLER stands Afridi-style , with arms outstretched , and BATTER has to drag himself off !
stumps splattered , BATTER drags on ! SL have their breakthrough , and it 's the peroxide leggie with neon boots who does the trick . Pushed through his legspinner a bit quicker , I think , and BATTER swung hard with malice aforethought , only to crash a bottom edge into his off stump !
flaps at the pull , and FIELDER hares in off the fine-leg boundary to take an excellent catch ! Nine wickets between England 's left-arm opening bowlers . Back of a length , BATTER shaped to pull , and FIELDER ran in , dived forward , and scooped it up just before it bounced
tight to the stumps , gets a tickle on the pull , and FIELDER has five ! Celebrates with arms outstretched , and throwing his head back , almost relieved as much as anything else . Just a little flick on the pull , and FIELDER took a straightforward catch . Holds up the ball to the crowd , acknowledging the applause . Maiden ODI five-for on his home ground - and maiden international five-for , in fact
backs away , cutting straight to FIELDER on the rope ! BATTER was a shot away from his half-century and sat deep in the crease , flaying the short ball away into the off side , but could only pick out FIELDER on the boundary at cover-point . BOWLER has his third
holes out to deep square this time ! Another wicket off a short ball and DdS falls nine short of a maiden ODI ton . Dug into the pitch by BOWLER , and BATTER took on the pull shot , but his timing was a long way off . Spooned up via the top edge , and FIELDER shuffled to his right to settle underneath it . BOWLER gets his second , and the glue holding Sri Lanka together has been dissolved
takes on the bumper ... but this time holes out ! Picks out deep square leg , and that 's the recovery stand snuffed out , a fourth for Big BOWLER . Wanted to hit in front of square , as he did in the previous over , but can only stand and grimace as it lands in the safe hands of BIllings . Do n't look back ,
goodness me . Pulled straight to the sub fielder , and SL are in disarray . The first time that BOWLER has dropped short , and BATTER takes on the pull . Horrible connection , with a 'plink ' off the bat , and Garton , at short midwicket , takes the simplest of catches
cleans him up with a booming inswinger ! BOWLER is on fire ! Sri Lanka in disarray against the moving ball . Full length from over the wicket , moving in sharply . Not much of a shot from BATTER , who is beaten on the inside edge and looks round to see his stumps rearranged , with middle pegged back . FIELDER leaps in celebration , and England have three early ones !
full and straight , and pinned lbw ! Stinking start for Sri Lanka . Reviewed , but this looked very out to the naked eye . Swinging into the pads from a full length , as BATTER looked to clip out towards square leg . No bat , confirms Ultra-Edge . Only needs to clip leg stump ... and is smashing it halfway up . Another review lost , and another BOWLER wicket in his first over .
big shout for lbw , and this one is given too ! Bailey had a think , then put the finger up . BATTER reviews . No real movement off the seam , beating him on the inside edge . No foot movement from KJP as he looked to defend . Struck high , above the knee roll . No bat , impact in-line , and hitting the top of middle and leg . KJP is gone , second ball !
huge appeal from FIELDER for the stumping ! He 's convinced he 's got it . Big legbreak from BOWLER , a wafty drive , and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as FIELDER 's toe strayed . There certainly does n't seem to be much behind the line . A stud at best . And yep , the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper !
big old yahoo and BOWLER has four ! Stand-and-deliver swipe from FIELDER , but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper ! SL eight down and tottering
foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and FIELDER grabs the edge one-handed ! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away , FIELDER was done pushing forward , and a looping nick went to the keeper 's right , probably would n't have carried to slip ... but YJB threw himself across to bag it . Third wicket for TeeCee , turning into a good day for him
FIELDER holes out again ! Third time in a row this series , the short ball swatted to a leg-side catcher ! BOWLER gets the second wicket of a diligent spell , though this was a bit of a gift . Dug in short , Hasa 's eyes light up , but he can only spoon it to the man trotting in from the rope at deep square
catching practice to mid-off ! Deary me , no need for that . An over-ambitious pummel off the front foot , nowhere near the pitch , a looping toe-ended drive to BATTER , and Sri Lanka 's revival has n't lasted long
banged in short , another sucker-pull to fine leg ! That 's just terrible from Sri Lanka . The first bouncer of BATTER ' day , and he 's completely done for FIELDER , who was the one man to play the short ball well at The Oval . Short , straight , kept getting big on him as he helicoptered into a desperate wipe off the eyebrows , and FIELDER barely had to move on the edge of the rope
big booming drive , and a thudding catch into FIELDER 's gloves ! This time the ball does n't swing , it 's pushed across the right-hander , a big juicy carrot of a delivery , and a big juicy edge . FIELDER flings himself in front of first slip and it 's all the threes for Sri Lanka
huge appeal , swinging into the legs , and England review ! It was back of a length and curling late from a middle-and-leg line ... clipping maybe ? Nope , hitting leg stump flush ! Excellent roll of the dice from BOWLER , and a whoop of acclaim from the fielders .
flat-footed slash , under-edged into the timbers ! Fuller length from BATTER , a hint of width to lure the expansive wipe . No footwork , and that has pinged the leg stump to dent Sri Lanka 's early intent
huge appeal from BATTER for the stumping ! He 's convinced he 's got it . Big legbreak from BATTER , a wafty drive , and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as BATTER 's toe strayed . There certainly does n't seem to be much behind the line . A stud at best . And yep , the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper !
big old yahoo and BATTER has four ! Stand-and-deliver swipe from BATTER , but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper ! SL eight down and tottering
foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and BATTER grabs the edge one-handed ! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away , BATTER was done pushing forward , and a looping nick went to the keeper 's right , probably would n't have carried to slip ... but YJB threw himself across to bag it . Third wicket for TeeCee , turning into a good day for him
BATTER holes out again ! Third time in a row this series , the short ball swatted to a leg-side catcher ! BATTER gets the second wicket of a diligent spell , though this was a bit of a gift . Dug in short , Hasa 's eyes light up , but he can only spoon it to the man trotting in from the rope at deep square
catching practice to mid-off ! Deary me , no need for that . An over-ambitious pummel off the front foot , nowhere near the pitch , a looping toe-ended drive to FIELDER , and Sri Lanka 's revival has n't lasted long
banged in short , another sucker-pull to fine leg ! That 's just terrible from Sri Lanka . The first bouncer of BOWLER ' day , and he 's completely done for BATTER , who was the one man to play the short ball well at The Oval . Short , straight , kept getting big on him as he helicoptered into a desperate wipe off the eyebrows , and BATTER barely had to move on the edge of the rope
big booming drive , and a thudding catch into BATTER 's gloves ! This time the ball does n't swing , it 's pushed across the right-hander , a big juicy carrot of a delivery , and a big juicy edge . BATTER flings himself in front of first slip and it 's all the threes for Sri Lanka
huge appeal , swinging into the legs , and England review ! It was back of a length and curling late from a middle-and-leg line ... clipping maybe ? Nope , hitting leg stump flush ! Excellent roll of the dice from BATTER , and a whoop of acclaim from the fielders .
flat-footed slash , under-edged into the timbers ! Fuller length from BOWLER , a hint of width to lure the expansive wipe . No footwork , and that has pinged the leg stump to dent Sri Lanka 's early intent
BOWLER seals victory for India on debut ! Full and he hides it away from the swinging arc of BATTER . The batsman ends up slicing it to FIELDER at deep third man . BOWLER gets a warm hug from his Karnataka team-mate and friend FIELDER . Such a sweet moment
BOWLER now has BATTER nicking off . Fullish , threatens to come in with the angle , but straightens away to take the outside edge . FIELDER does the rest . India are one away from 1-0
Maiden ODI wicket for BOWLER . Pushed through outside off , BATTER dashes out of the crease , does n't get close enough to the pitch , but still swings through the line . He does n't get enough power behind it and slices it to Gill at long-off . BATTER goes and with it England 's slim hopes ?
BOWLER has BATTER nicking off . Kicks up from a back of a length and wobbling away outside off , catches the outside edge near the shoulder of the bat and settles into the gloves of FIELDER . BATTER is squared up . Just reward for BOWLER - his first wicket of the day
scooped up to short cover , with FIELDER making no mistake this time . Back of a length and outside off , BATTER aims to drive on the up , BOWLER hits the sticker of the bat , drawing a weak little scoop to his captain . Three wickets on debut for
BATTER has been given out lbw , he chooses to challenge the decision . On a length and jagging back in to thump the front pad as BATTER plays around it . Has he snicked it ? No bat . Ball-tracking reckons it would have grazed leg stump , enough for umpire Menon 's on-field call to be upheld . BOWLER and FIELDER have tipped the match India 's way
Bounced out . Think BOWLER or rather BATTER took BATTER down in similar fashion for CSK in IPL 2020 . Shami , too , had bounced BATTER out in the 2019 WC . Dug in short and outside off , 142ks , shoulder-high delivery , climbs at BATTER and messes with his pull . Top-edged behind to
BATTER falls six short of a century , holing out to deep midwicket . Hard-length delivery on off stump from BOWLER . BATTER still dares to pull it away , but does not get hold of it . He can only splice it high into the hands of FIELDER . FIELDER , BOWLER and FIELDER have dragged England back after that rollicking opening stand
Two wickets in two overs for BOWLER on debut ! He celebrates it with a big roar . Looks like a quick offcutter at 142.7ks , BATTER aims to drive on the up and ends up weakly chipping it to Gill at extra-cover . Another catch taken by a substitute fielder
juggling catch by Suryakumar FIELDER at point . They 'll have a check of the replay , soft signal is out . BATTER 's bottom hand came off the bat as he went too early at it , trying to punch-drive through cover . Takes the outside edge and goes low to Surya , who gobbles it , sees it spill out , but manages to get hands under it and hold on .
BATTER guides it straight to FIELDER at slip . On a length and outside off , BATTER leans back and aims to run it away to third man . Instead , he opens the face and slices it straight to slip
he 's caught at midwicket . Unfortunat to fall so near his 100 . Short ball and he laid into it with a crisp pull , but FIELDER 's at midwicket in the circle and he 's grabbed it low to his right . BATTER fall for 98 , end of a fine innings .
caught at deep cover . Length outside off , he was coming on the front foot to loft this over extra cover , the bat turns in his hand and he splices it high in the air . Deep cover runs in and covers good ground to gobble the ball up .
caught at deep square leg . FIELDER makes no mistake this time . He had timed this well actually . Fuller on the stumps and BATTER came forward to use those tensile wrists to whip this away . Did n't keep it down and hit it well enough that it carried all the way .
BOWLER , playing his first ODI since his starring role in the 2019 WC final , provides England with the breakthrough . Short and wide - finishes much wider than a set of stumps outside off - BATTER chases it with a cut and ends up slashing it behind to FIELDER for a straightforward catch behind the stumps . It might been an off-side wide had BATTER missed it
stumps shattered with a yorker on off stump . BOWLER is pumped , and how ! Tailed in beautifully , quick ball too , BATTER 's too late on the defensive push and the ball sneaks under the bat and bangs into the stumps . Now then , now then ...
caught at cover . Half volley outside off and he launched into a cover drive . Nailed it perfectly - except for the fact that it was right to FIELDER at cover . Both set batsmen gone for England now .
he 's caught behind for 99 ! Great ball by BOWLER , who banged it in short down legside . BATTER was always going to go for it , swivelled to pull it , gets a glove on it that flies to FIELDER . BATTER has his head thrown back in anguish , but really - this is why centuries are over-rated . Who would honestly rate this 99 ahead of any of the centuries in this game ?
no doubt about this run out ! An exceptional piece of fielding from FIELDER , leaping to his right to intercept a clip at midwicket ... the two men had a chance to shake hands in the middle as the flicked return came in ... and BATTER has to go !
BATTER is gone ! A knuckle-ball from BOWLER , banged into the deck , outside off , and a top-edged slog lands in FIELDER 's hands again . He 's gone but he 's played another good hand ... even if BOWLER has done well at the death
sliced high and wild , out to the cover sweeper ! FIELDER steadies himself in the deep and pockets the chance well ... the umpires are checking whether he grounded it , but that looks clean enough to me . Another carefree fling of the willow from BATTER , and why not ! No standing on ceremony at this stage of the innings !
back of a length , hauled to deep midwicket ! BATTER 's work is done , what a fine hand he 's played . And he 's cleared the stage for a bit of carnage now !
nicked behind . Good length , and BATTER stayed back to it , trying to cut this through point , Bit of grip and turn for BOWLER as BATTER snicks it and FIELDER holds on smartly this time . The wait for the three-figure mark continues for BATTER .
caught at short backward square ! That 's a gift for England , a leg-stump inswinger from FIELDER , easy pickings for a well-set batsman ... or so BATTER thought , as he 's got too much wood on the shot , and clipped it straight into FIELDER 's chest ! Reward for FIELDER 's new-ball discipline , and now England have a chance . Another tight powerplay is being rewarded with wickets on this occasion
edged and the slips are in play ! Sure enough , that carry is rewarded , as BOWLER hits the seam on a lovely full length , draws the hard-handed drive , and FIELDER at second slip snaffles the chance , almost in front of first , high to his right . That is an excellent dismissal , due reward for a very disciplined start
stunner from FIELDER in the covers ! A chipped drive , low to the skipper 's left , he was only going to get there with one hand , and he plunges superbly to grab , and out pop his eyes on stalks . A one-man meme machine in this contest ! BOWLER 's cutters make the priceless breakthrough !
lobbed to mid-off ! A hard-handed drive from BATTER , but that thumps the toe of the bat , ca n't get the power through the stroke , and FIELDER atones by leaping forward to scoop the low chance !
BOWLER wheels away after getting the other set batsman : BATTER . Hip-high short ball outside off , BATTER jumps back and swats it straight into the lap of FIELDER at short midwicket
Another England batsman is dismissed off a full-toss , BOWLER gets lucky this time . BATTER winds up to drill it away past BOWLER . Instead , he can only toe-end it weakly back to the bowler
inducker from BOWLER , slams the pad , not given out lbw . FIELDER has a chat with FIELDER and asks for a review . Fullish and jagging back in to beat the inside edge and hit the front pad just above the knee-roll . Was this heading past leg stump ? Nope , ball-tracking suggests that it would have struck leg stump . Golden arm : BOWLER . Umpire Chaudhary has to reverse his on-field not-out decision
full bunger on the pads , and BATTER has launched that straight to square leg ! Huge moment ... is this above waist height ? BATTER advanced to meet the ball , and that may undo him on the balance of probabilities . The ball was dipping , and yep , he has to go ! That 's a vast moment in this game . Advantage all India now
way across his stumps and BATTER is gone ! He has reviewed , but that looked pretty adjacent to the naked eye . It may only be height that can save him . Leg stump is visible on the replay as his bat misses with a clip . Yep , thumping the top of leg , and both England 's openers are gone !
zings through the gate ! Like I was intimating ... in spite of the runs , BATTER never quite looked at his imposing best in that extraordinary over , and he 's undone with an utter pearler ! Perfect length , perfect shape , nipping off the pitch , into the timbers through a flat-footed response !
BOWLER hits that in-between length outside off . BATTER clears his front leg and aims to slug it down the ground . He can only carve it in the air . FIELDER swoops in from mid-off and pouches it to wrap up India 's innings
BOWLER nails the stumps . BATTER backs away outside leg and has a feeble prod at it . BOWLER fires it full and pings middle stump
FIELDER runs back from point , tumbles , and snaffles this . Back of a length and outside off . BATTER swings , ends up slicing it high , and holing out for a boundary-less 25 off 34 balls
End of a charming cameo from BATTER . BOWLER hits that hard length once again outside off , gets it closer to off this time . BOWLER cranks it up to 144ks . BATTER has another mow to the leg side and ends up nicking it behind . FIELDER judges it well and takes it to his right
BATTER shuffles across off , exposes his stumps , BOWLER hits the leg stump . England have dismissed BATTER and BATTER in a space of four overs . BATTER pre-meditates , probably aiming for a glance , but BOWLER bests him in the end
edged and FIELDER sticks out his left hand and pulls off a super-sharp one-handed catch . He makes it look ridiculously easy . Seam-up , pretty full and outside off , BATTER camps back and aims to whip it away to the leg side . The ball hits the back of the bat and here comes FIELDER 's athletic intervention
a second-ball wicket for BOWLER ! It 's a terrible ball , but it 's bagged a massive scalp ! A hip-high full toss , drawing a one-handed thump across the line , and FIELDER behind square pulls off a blinder , pouncing to his left to cling on in both hands !
a horrible hack from BATTER and he 's bowled ! Oh wow , that 's turned a fair bit from an off-stump line , but BATTER 's eyes were bigger than his stomach there , he rocked back for something wildly optimistic over the off-side , and had his leg stump clipped as the ball surged through ... well , not so much a gate as a vacated citadel ! England , from an invidious situation , are right back on it !
chipped tamely back to the bowler ! A tumbling take in BOWLER 's followthrough , just catching the leading edge as BATTER 's face closes on a clip to the leg side , failed to pick the googly perhaps ... that 's a massive double-strike for England !
BOWLER provides England the breakthrough with the wrong'un . On a length and zipping in to strike the top of off . BATTER did n't pick the variation at all , playing for the legbreak . The spinner cuts the opening stand at 103 . BOWLER will now have BATTER to work with
thick edge flies to slip ! BATTER looked uncomfortable against BOWLER but saw a bit of width from a fullish length and thought he would throw his hands at the ball . Takes the outside edge , and FIELDER takes it above his head at first slip . BOWLER celebrates in trademark fashion , arms outstretched , and Pakistan have the early breakthrough !
BATTER goes again , clearing the front leg and swinging from the hip , and picks out mid-off this time , where FIELDER stands tall and takes a simple chance . Pakistan bowled out for 141 .
back of a length , pulled straight down FIELDER 's throat at deep square leg ! That 's the gameplan at Cardiff : bang it into the pitch to take the short straight boundaries out of the game and force them to hit it to the bigger square boundaries . BATTER dragged the pull from outside off stump but did n't get a clean enough connection , and FIELDER barely had to move an inch on the rope ! Cross-seamer , off the toe of the bat
lots of air again , BATTER inevitably takes on the wipe to the leg side , and this time FIELDER makes no mistake ! Straight down the throat of deep midwicket , richly deserved reward for the leggie . England 's march continues !
Round the wicket , and no mistake from FIELDER this time ! A flashing back-foot drive , the angle into the left-hander cramped the stroke as BOWLER attacked his splice , and a simple deflection is snaffled by a relieved keeper ! Pakistan 's slump continues
slashed over-eagerly , and caught at point ! It was short , it was wide , but most importantly , it was seized upon too greedily by a batter who had been tied down by Parky 's discipline . A simple take as BATTER falls short of a fifty for the first time in three innings at Cardiff . And now this innings is rather wide open
right up to the toes , squeezed to the leg side , and run out by a yard ! Outstanding from FIELDER , who pounced with one hand , then took his time to under-arm into the stumps at the non-striker 's end , knowing that he was winning the race . Massive miscommunication as BATTER is sent back , and England break a threatening stand
angled in , and up goes the finger ! BATTER reviews Fuller length , good bounce to hit him just above the knee roll . BATTER beaten for pace and on the inside edge with a hint of nibble in off the seam . His bat came down at an angle as he looked to thread this through mid-on . Ball-tracking says it 's clipping the top of middle stump , and that means Pakistan are four down inside six overs ! BOWLER has three of them and is absolutely rampant , roaring in celebration
edged and BATTER is gone ! England are flying . BOWLER has his first ODI wicket , FIELDER has his first catch . Perfect new-ball bowling . Immaculate line and length on fourth stump , forcing BATTER to play . The bat came down at an angle as he looked to drive through mid-on , and there was just enough nip and bounce off the seam to locate the outside edge . FIELDER gobbles up the simplest of catches and England have three early ones !
edged and snaffled ! BOWLER is on a roll ! 87mph/140kph from BOWLER , hitting a good length and inducing a nibble , angling it in towards off stump . BATTER gropes forward , and the outside edge flies to second slip , where FIELDER gets forward to take an excellent low catch . It 's all happening !
big shout for lbw first up ... did it pitch in line ? England review after a not-out on-field decision . Fullish length , beats the bat as Imam looks to flick through midwicket , and smashes him on the knee roll . Pitches in-line , and hitting the top of middle-and-leg ! Wharf 's decision is overturned and BOWLER strikes first up !
and that is that . Short , angling down leg . Looks to pull , but only manages to glove it and FIELDER takes a super catch diving to his left . The ball was dying as it got to him
gone . Looks for another sweep from wide of off stump , and this time he nails the slog-sweep , but there 's a man back at deep midwicket and he picks out the fielder perfectly . Excellent innings in the circumstances , but he never really had the middle-order support he needed
back of a length outside off , and BATTER , moving away to the leg side again , ca n't control the pull/swipe , with the ball too far from his reach and the bounce too high as well . Only manages a top edge , and it swirls down to FIELDER at fine leg
straight off the face of the bat and an outstanding take from FIELDER ! That 's a wonderful moment for the rookie/veteran * keeper , who read the attempted sweep , galloped to the leg side , and snaffled the catch clean in his mitts ! Like Sarah Taylor 's wonder-take a few years ago , that was all about the premeditation . He was in the right place once the shot was completed , and the rest is in the scorebook !
banged in short , uppercut to FIELDER at third man ! He had plenty time to contemplate his life choices as that plummeted from the heavens , and it might have nearly snuck out too . But job 's a good'un for England and BOWLER , as BATTER took on the boundary with a deliberate flap up and over , but could n't get enough bat on the shot
FIELDER runs back to swallow the top-edge ! BOWLER is n't afraid to keep banging in the short ball , and earns his rewards . A timely breakthrough as BATTER ca n't get hold of his pull , a leading edge towards third man . It was a sprint for the keeper , and it nearly wriggled out , but he did the needful and now England are right back on top
and BOWLER has ended BATTER 's struggle with a good ball . Fullish , seaming in from just outside off . The previous ball left BATTER from a similar line . Looks to drive down the ground , leaves a gap between bat and pad , and the ball sneaks through and rattles the stumps . Just not BATTER 's day . He struggled for timing , and when he did middle it , he usually hit it straight to a fielder
but he does n't need even one . Length ball in the corridor , nibbles away slightly , and BATTER has a little feel for it and sends a thin edge to the keeper . Pakistan are in all sorts of strife now
big appeal , and it 's given ! BATTER seemed late on that , and he played well outside the line as it seamed into him . Perfect length , and he was caught on the crease , but he 's reviewed nonetheless . Length ball , pitching outside off and seaming in past BATTER 's defensive push - he played that well in front of his body and left a big gap . Misses the bat by a long way and hits the back thigh pad . Three reds on ball-tracking , and BATTER will have to go . Excellent delivery , the length did BATTER in on that occasion
and he strikes first ball ! Length ball , slanting across into the corridor , bringing Imam onto the front foot . Nibbles away slightly off the pitch , and Imam pushes at it in front of his body - neither a defensive shot nor a proper drive on the up - and only manages a thin edge through to
back of a length , launched to the leg-side , BOWLER his his five ! BATTER seemed to connect well , but deep square leg barely had to move . Straight down his throat , and England 's helter-skelter innings comes to an end .
or just have a biff ! Full length , flings the hands through the line , fat inside-edge , down into the stumps ! BATTER is gone after a fine debut knock . England unravelling now , but they 've got 50 more than they might have bargained for
bouncer , drawn into the pull , but straight to deep square leg ! The shot was on , but the ball got big on him , could n't get over the shot as he launched his hands through the stroke , and there ends a very important maiden ODI innings
gone , is it ? Pakistan think so , but umpire Alex Wharf does n't . Pakistan have reviewed this ... back of a length in the corridor , nips back in a touch , and BATTER jabs at it without a lot of footwork . Past the inside edge , it seems like , and there 's a definite spike on Ultra Edge ! BATTER goes for a duck , and England are collapsing quickly here
another batter is bowled , this was all too easy for BOWLER . Fullish , angling into the stumps , and BATTER does n't get a stride forward at all . Looks to drive down the ground and plays a long way in front of his body , and that creates the perfect gap between bat and pad for the ball to sneak through . That was n't well played at all . Telltale sign : the unbent front knee . Might have seamed in , but it did n't do a whole lot
bowled him , that was n't a very wise shot from BATTER . Steps out and makes a lot of room to hit through the covers , and BOWLER gets it to seam in to exaggerate the inward angle , beat the inside edge , and hit the top of off stump
bowled him , this has been a terrific over , to a batter who was clearly struggling to pick the bowler from the hand . Wrong'un , and BATTER , looking to make room and play it square on the off side , is cramped for room and beaten comprehensively . Was n't short enough to be playing that square off the back foot either
bowled him , that was a low-percentage shot from BATTER . Short fine leg was quite square , and BATTER was looking to eye the gap to his right , but he chooses the wrong ball . It 's too full , and it 's too straight , and he ends up stepping too far across and missing his sweep . Excellent innings , and a superb breakthrough to give BOWLER his first ODI wicket
bowled him ! Outstanding from BOWLER , a perfect yorker , dipping exquisitely below a thrusting blade , bending back into the off stump , and though BATTER 's been out there a while now , his first ball is a fatal ball ! Thought it was a slower ball at first , actually it was 90mph/145kph , but a faint under-edge off the toe delayed the death-rattle
you have to say that was coming ! Another fine delivery from BOWLER , excellent length , shaping away from the left-hander on an off-stump line , a flashing edge and a low nick to second slip ! Big breakthrough for Pakistan !
hoisted off a good length , a steepling leading edge , and FIELDER leaps into a fine take after sprinting from the covers to silly point ! Ooh ... too hasty from the well-set BATTER , and now we 've got the potential for jitters ! Meanwhile , Pakistan seem to be having a row about whose catch that should have been . Sarfaraz had the gloves after all !
holed out to mid-off ! BATTER 's masterful innings comes to an end , just when it seemed England were closing in for the kill . One drive too many , and that plops into the skipper 's hands . Nevertheless , a rousing ovation for a memorable innings
and he gets another wicket . Beaten by the extra spin , and it came back into the pads . Umpire seemed to have no hesitation , but BATTER has reviewed . It 's clattering into leg-stump , which means England lose the birthday boy , as well as a review . Pakistan suddenly on top here
he 's done for ! BOWLER finally picks up BATTER ! He became a bit greedy , went for a slog to a ball that was never there to slog sweep . Gets a faint tickle on it and FIELDER takes a smart catch
full , straight , castled ! One shot too many from BATTER ! Playing all around the full one , a touch impetuous , no swing to confound him , all about the line and length , and he 's on his way for an excellent but all-too-short-lived 39
holed out to midwicket ! A change of bowler brings about BATTER 's downfall , BOWLER pitches back of a length , BATTER flicks across the line , but straight to FIELDER to end an enterprising knock
back-to-back ducks for BATTER ! It took BOWLER five balls to find his range , and how ! Pitches leg , angled across the left-hander , imperceptible movement to take the edge on an off-stump line , forced to play at it , and FIELDER snaffles the snick
he scoops it to mid-on , and it 's a five-fer for BOWLER Four of them have come late , but you wo n't find him complaining . He 's bowled well these past two overs and been rewarded
rise up , and applaud . One of Pakistan 's classic innings comes to an end . BATTER topedges that and a marvellous knock comes to an end . BATTER walks off to a standing ovation , having walked off for 158 off 139 balls . He raises his bat to acknowledge them , but he falls 15 short of 4,000 ODI runs
gone first ball ! Had to go for it , and it gets a nice juicy outside edge , with FIELDER taking the easiest of catches . BOWLER picks up a couple of wickets to close out his spell , and England are pulling things back ever so slightly now
cleans him up . Took the pace off the ball , and BATTER was through his shot a little too early . Sends the off peg cartwheeling , and BATTER 's gone after a little cameo
that 's as good as it gets for BATTER , though . Excellent bowling from BOWLER . Banged into the pitch again , forcing him to go over the onside . Gets a top edge once more , and this time it lobs up over mid-on , where FIELDER takes an assured catch
bangs it into the pitch , I think it was a slightly slower ball . Even so , BATTER never got a hold of it , and holes out to the man at deep midwicket . Feels like a big wicket for England to get , and BATTER 's coming in now
banged it into the pitch and BATTER tried to pull it behind fine leg . He gets a faint tickle on it , and that 's BATTER done ! Fabulous innings from the Pakistan keeper but England finally , finally break what has been a record partnership
snorter ! That 's an angular ripper from BOWLER , bending like a ray of light off a mirror as it fades to off to open the batter up , then bites the deck to rip back through the gate from a foot outside the stumps ! That 's the reward you get for tossing it up and really giving it a rip ! And England have their opening
and that 's number one , BOWLER 's not to be denied ! Bangs it in slightly short and as BATTER tried to punch it through the offside , the bounce made it difficult to get on top of . Takes a thick outside edge to third slip , where FIELDER takes an excellent catch
BOWLER 's debut gets even better ! Short ball , BATTER pulls , top-edged to the keeper ! Big fist-pumping celebration from the allrounder , who bags England 's young wunderkind with his fourth ball in senior international cricket ! Now things are getting interesting
oh Vincey , Vincey ... Loose drive , feathers the edge , BATTER has done himself again ! Shakes the head and walks off , was n't really full enough to drive , and he 'd already got away with one in the over , but he went hard at it again and , well , you know the rest . BOWLER strikes , England continue to lurch unsteadily in their chase
nip-backer , struck on the knee roll , up goes the finger ! BATTER had been roving ominously around in his crease but was pinned there , could n't get the bat down in time , and his roving days are over ( for now ) . BOWLER found the perfect length , that was hitting the top of middle !
spins , beats the bat on the inside , Alex Wharf shakes his head ... but that looked pretty close , and FIELDER calls for a review . Big moment , this . Ball-tracking has it hitting in line with off stump , as BATTER pushed past it , just enough turn and it would have taken leg ! Three reds , YJB is outta there ! Excellent review from Ireland , and they have the early success they need
there 's the fifth and it 's a good catch by FIELDER running in from mid-off . BOWLER 's first five-for in ODIs . Length ball angling away , BATTER makes room to slap this over mid-off but does n't get the timing right as the bottom hand comes off , skews it in the air and FIELDER hesitates for a second before running in to pouch it nice and low .
picks out square leg , soft dismissal . This was angling in , all he did was use the pace and help it along and in the process , hit it straight to the fielder .
pulled away but he 's let the aggression get the better of him . Excellent catch diving forward at deep square . Was it a lapse in concentration ? Looking to take him on with the pull but did n't time it as well as he would 've liked .
oh jeepers ! Calamity running , Sing is out by yards ! Headless stuff from the new batsman , he pushed the ball to the left of extra cover and went haring off , BATTER was rightly not interested started then stopped , and Banton/YJB did the rest !
oh dear ... BATTER , what have you done ? Chipped down the gullet of long-off , the softest of dismissals and England have their sixth ! KOB had been happy to knock it around and tick over , but the moment he tries to hit over the top , he sends it straight to the man out
fourth for BOWLER and it has come about through a sensible review . Pitched on middle and leg , came back in a wee bit to hit him in front as he tried to work it across the line . Height was in question , I thought , but no . Replays confirm this would 've smashed leg stump .
drilled straight to backward point ! The freefall continues . Bowled it full and wide , there for the drive and BATTER just skewed it low to the right of FIELDER .
chopped on ! Looking to force this into the off side with hard hands , was cramped for room and went cross-bat . Ended up being caught neither here nor there . Was it the desperation to get off the mark that got him ? We 'll find out this evening .
nicked and gone ! Slanted this across on a length , BATTER is sucked into a drive that was n't on . This one held its line and did n't come back in . Regulation catch for FIELDER . Ireland in early trouble
chipped straight to midwicket ! It 's full and swinging in , BATTER errs by not going through with the shot and hit it in the air for the dolly to be taken . Was it a trap ? It perhaps was . The top hand came off the handle from BATTER as he went through , so it lobbed off a thickish inside edge too .
caught off the short ball ! This match is see-sawing dizzingly . Dug it in , effort ball , BATTER thought he could smack it over square leg . Got a top edge that ballooned to square leg and the keeper ran across to pouch it safely .
cuts it straight to cover What do we have here ? This one was dug in short and sat up a little , but bounced more than BATTER perhaps expected it to . He still managed to get a fair bit of meat on it , but straight to the man .
width and edged ! BATTER is livid with himself , he sensed a massive hundred . It was on a good length , begging to be slapped , but it nibbled just enough to kiss the flailing edge . A vital strike for Ireland !
full and straight , and that 's plumb lbw ! BOWLER strikes once more ! Fires in the surprise fuller ball , and BATTER plays all around it to fall to the same bowler for the third time !
through the gate like a battering ram ! BATTER is beaten all ends up by a sharp nipbacker , on a perfect length , a languid push from a neutral position , but there was nothing neutral about that ball by the time it grabbed the top of his middle stump and bodyslammed it !
slammed to extra cover ! A wide half-volley , BATTER 's eyes light up , he flings the kitchen sink through the line , and picks out the man ! Goodness ... BATTER flings his bat in the air in frustration . What a start for Ireland !
quick bouncer to finish and he gets a wicket with the last ball of the innings , his first ! 1597 days between international wickets for him as per the commentators on air . The batsman gets into a tangle trying to evade this but gets a glove through to
caught at third man . Full outside off and he has a big swipe at it , but it takes the leading edge and is swirling towards FIELDER , who does really well to come in and take it tumbling forward . End of a fabulous knock , and BATTER now has an ODI average .
edged it behind . No doubt about that one . Back of a length outside off , and BATTER was making room to glide it fine but it just took a feather - but an audible one - of a top edge for a straightforward catch to FIELDER . Important partnership for Ireland but it 's ended now .
that 's abject batting ! BATTER telegraphed his intent with an early shimmy , BOWLER responded by dragging his length back and firing it out wide , but he went through with the stroke all the same , a off-balance , hopeless heave of a sweep , and a steepling top-edge behind square . Ireland 's slide is n't done yet ...
plonked to mid-on . And that was tame . `` Catch that ... get in ... '' deadpans FIELDER from behind the stumps . A woolly waft through the line , no placement , no elevation , no power . No ... nothing really
googly goes through him . Completely foxed . Nice loop and on a perfect length , drawing him on the front foot . KOB was looking to push what he thought was a legspinner into the offside , left a gap consequently and the wrong 'un whizzed through it and onto the stumps .
BOWLER has his first international wicket ! BATTER will be filthy with himself for this . Was banged in short well outside off . BATTER thought about cutting it then thought he 'd leave it alone but that decision came too late and the ball pings off the toe-end of the bat into the FIELDER 's gloves .
brilliant catch by FIELDER at backward point BATTER has been frustrated outside off by BOWLER , sees one enticingly wide and full and has a go at it , but the ball 's moving away and he ends up with a sliced outside edge . FIELDER flings himself to his left and plucks the ball in the air . Superb .
got him with the one that nips back BOWLER has given England an early breakthrough again , that looked pretty close and they decide not to review . Good call too , because that was smashing into middle . Length ball that jags in and beats the inside edge as he plays an uncertain push and is rapped in front .
tossed up invitingly , goes inside out ... picks out long-off ! BATTER goes , Ireland squeezed , YUGE breakthrough from BOWLER ! Ireland 's captain hangs his head as he walks off , but it 's been another fabulous innings
cut to backward point , BATTER is a long way down before being sent back , BOWLER relays it on to the stumps ... looks to be short ! He 's heading off even as they check the replays , but this has been a magnificent knock , regardless of how it 's ended . Raises the bat to the dressing room as he heads off , he 'll have earned an isotonic brew or two
bowled behind his legs ! Scrambled seam , came out slower , too , and BATTER was in no position trying to shovel off his hip - pinged the top of leg stump and England have their breakthrough . BATTER can take his `` rural '' technique back to the away dressing room after a pretty mediocre series with the bat
and that 's it , BATTER goes for a big swing only to manage a leading edge to hand a simple , high catch to mid-off
oh my my ! You have five overs to bat and manage a run-out ! BATTER gets an inside edge and the ball rolls to the left of the keeper , they try for a single that does n't exist and BATTER puts in a dive at the keeper 's end , where the keeper gets a direct hit . BATTER is short by a mile !
there comes the breakthrough , and who else but BOWLER ! Slower delivery around off , BATTER probably does n't pick it and lofts it high down the ground , FIELDER has his eyes on the bacll while taking a few steps back at long-on and does well to get both hands . What a knock and what a relief for Ireland
straight to mid-on , another big wicket ! Not a full delivery , on length just outside off and seaming in , BATTER drives on the up and down the ground , and the length is such that he ca n't get on top of it . Thick inside half of the bat and it 's dipping on the fielder but FIELDER does well to dive forward and get both hands to it
short ball , leading edge , taken at short extra cover ! BATTER is knocked over cheaply again , got in a bit of a tangle against the medium-pace of BOWLER , ended up plopping a simple catch into the off side ... Three in four overs for Ireland , reeling this game back in
pinned him ! Quick and straight , stays a bit low as BATTER camped in front of the stumps ... Could n't get the bat down in time and that 's a simple decision for the umpire . So a double-breakthrough for Ireland , which might just check England 's gung-ho approach
sliced to backward point , BATTER wo n't be doubling up today ! BOWLER gets him ( again ) , but the England captain has already blazed a path for his team to follow here ... Swinging across the line , got a leading edge that swirled high into the off side , FIELDER making sure on the run . Statement knock from BATTER , and still plenty of overs left in this innings
loud appeal for an inside edge , they all go up and the umpire says no ! Ireland review it . Replays with Ultredge show there 's something there and BATTER is gone ! It was a short of length delivery outside off , nipped in sharply beating BATTER completely , and just taking an edge on the way to the keeper
nips in and he 's bowled ! That 's a big wicket for BOWLER ! BATTER was eyeing a big shot on the off side , he missed the movement and BOWLER is pumped .
he 's edged it to second slip ! Hint of outswing from BOWLER , spot on with the length to tempt BATTER into the drive and he lunges forward to edge it with a not-so flourishing drive . Not the most exciting series for
perishes off the last ball ! Full on off , and toe-ends it to long on ! Australia win by 19 runs and they go 1-0 in the three-match series
That went very high ! Good length , outside off , and he tries to flat bat it over long off . But scooped in the air , and FIELDER from cover gets under it to take a swirling catch
that 's four ! Full on off , and he goes to clear long off , but does n't have the distance . Comfortable catch in the deep
taken at cover ! Full on off , and he tries to drive but he 's sliced it straight to the fielder
The gamble pays off ! Full on off , and he goes for the slog , but comes off the bat 's toe . In the air for a while as it settles at around cow corner , and FIELDER - at long on - dives diagonally to his right to take the catch while diving . Is that the game ?
FIELDER takes a difficult catch at long off ! Tossed up , tempting BATTER to go for the big one , and he shovels this in the air . FIELDER has to race in from long off to take the catch , and he dives forward - definitely bruising his elbows in the process - to take the catch and send the dangerman back
good length , on middle , and the pull goes straight to midwicket ! BATTER tried to pull along the ground , but he just could n't keep it down . The wristspinner strikes ! Good catch by FIELDER , who had to move to his left to take the catch
tickle to the keeper ! Good length , outside off , and he looks to defend off the back foot , but the tiny bit of movement away takes the edge to
what a stunner ! A one-handed grab ... on his followthrough , that 's epic from BOWLER ! Not full enough for the drive , yet he drives , but the ball comes off the actual middle of the bat - which is n't really the sweet spot - and BOWLER maintains his balance to stick his right hand out and the ball stays in his palm . Big wickett
short ball , back of a length , and BATTER top-edges the pull straight up into the air ... BOWLER pouches it ! Australia lose their ninth , and BOWLER has a wicket to show for his efforts
struck on the pad , and the finger goes up ! BATTER reviews immediately . Looked pretty good to the naked eye , and Ultra-Edge says there 's no bat involved . Hit in-line , and hitting middle-and-leg three-quarters of the way up ! BATTER has to depart after a gritty 73 . He was looking to get off strike with a push into the leg side towards midwicket , but BOWLER did him for pace .
length outside off , slashed miles up into the air , and the man at cover in the ring holds on ! BOWLER is laughing - did FIELDER nearly drop this ? ! Ooft , yeah , almost slipped out as he went Australian-style with the hands up . This looked like a knuckleball - plenty of room for BATTER to free his arms , but he was through the shot far too early
chopped on ! Slower ball , slightly short outside off , BATTER looked to heave over the leg side but only managed to drag it onto his stumps via the toe of the bat . Big moment in this match
Best score in cricket , quips FIELDER Roller as Australia are one two three fo ( u ) r five ! Full , on leg , and the sweep 's top edge finally has a player at square leg to take the catch . Runs across towards short fine leg and takes a simply one . That 's BOWLER 's second
full just outside off and the googly comes into him . Big stride forward to defend , but hits his front leg , and the lbw appeal is given out ! BATTER reviews right away No bat involved , and that 's pitched just outside off , and hit off stump . BATTER needs to go . BOWLER gets the wicket via the googly . Australia in all sorts of trouble
edged and taken ! Bowls full , tempting BATTER to drive , but the ball takes the outside edge and FIELDER needs to dive to his right to take the catch . That was quick ! A good innings from BATTER in a position he usually does n't bat in , but with the start he got , he will feel disappointed not capitalizing
nicks him off , BOWLER strikes with his first ball ! Length ball on fourth stump , no foot movement from BATTER who gets a faint but audible nick through to FIELDER , and England are jubilant ! Hung back , deep in his crease as though setting himself for the bouncer , but BOWLER hit a length and FIELDER did the rest
ripper , BOWLER gets BATTER again ! 90mph/144kph , bit of late movement to beat BATTER 's defences , and BOWLER pegs back the top of his off stump ! That 's an absolute beauty , and England have a breakthrough . BATTER 's stunned facial expression tells the story - as close to unplayable as it gets
stumped by a mile ! and England have kept the series alive . The slog sweep were n't working for BATTER so he shimmies down the track . BOWLER bowls a third successive googly - BATTER has n't been reading them anyway - and this is out of his reach , spinning further away . Fast hands by FIELDER to whip the bails off and seal the win .
pops up straight in the air and FIELDER moves to his right at mid-off and holds it with both hands above his head . That 's the end of BATTER . Was moving away again and aiming to go down the ground , too early into the shot and it just spoons up .
got him first ball ! This is all unravelling rather quickly for Australia . Length ball outside off , on a sixth or seventh stump line in fact , BATTER has a waft at it , no foot movement to speak of , and gets a healthy edge that FIELDER tumbles to his left and grabs .
clatter Went around the wicket and BATTER was looking to hit his way out of the building pressure , has a big swipe across the line . Gets a bottom edge that ensures the ball clatters into the stumps . Not enough room for the pull shot , but then , BATTER is not a top order batsman
knocked him over ! Australia might have been mentally breathing a sigh of relief at no more FIELDER . If so , they forgot there 's still BOWLER . Very similar to how BATTER got out , BATTER just playing down the wrong line totally and loses his stumps
cleaned him up ! three wickets in less than two overs and the captain 's gone now . This was a length ball closer to off stump and held its line after pitching . BATTER was playing inside the line and it clatters stumps .
gottim ! BOWLER gets the breakthrough , BATTER chops onto his stumps ! Slightly back of a length , did n't get up much at all off the surface as BATTER jammed the bat down on it , and only managed to inside-edge into the timber . England are jubilant - if they get BATTER soon , it 's game on !
trapped on the pad , BOWLER lets out a desperate appeal but Gough says no . FIELDER reviews immediately . This struck both pads as he looked to work a length ball to leg , but crucially hit the front one first . No bat , Ultra-Edge confirms . Hits him in line , and would have smashed into middle two-thirds of the way up ! BATTER has to trudge off , and BOWLER has the breakthrough
that is just amazing fast bowling Short leg was put in place so the batsman was expecting a short one , but BOWLER is so quick and so accurate that he manages to get a wicket with a short ball anyway . Banged in back of a length and hisses up like a cobra towards BATTER who is all in a tangle against that . Fends awkwardly and it takes the shoulder of the bat to loop up for an easy catch behind him . BOWLER 's bowling with serious fire
got him again ! BOWLER has the wood on BATTER . This was a scorcher at 91 mph , back of a length and moves across , has BATTER poking at it in the channel . Awkward height too , with the ball near rib-cage . Takes a thin edge through to FIELDER .
cleaned up this time ! A vital 76-run partnership finally comes to an end . Pace on this time , slightly full of a length , and it crashes into middle and leg as BATTER looks to heave over the leg side
length ball in the channel , and BATTER is the latest man to nick off ! Classic BOWLER , banged in on a length on fourth or fifth stump , and there 's just a fraction of movement away off the seam . That 's enough to take the edge as BATTER shapes to punch through the covers , and FIELDER gobbles up an easy chance . England reeling at 149 for 8 !
nicks him off ! Or does he ? Gough , standing in his first game since the third Test vs Pakistan , is n't sure if it carried through to FIELDER . BOWLER ran his fingers down the side of this , hitting a length on fifth stump , and drew an outside edge as BATTER looked to steer towards third man . The catch is a tight call , but it looks like it 's going to be given , as FIELDER had just about got his gloves under the ball . BATTER trudges off , Australia have seven !
chopped on ! BATTER gave himself room to cut but this was too straight and cramped him for room . A flat legbreak , just a hint of turn and it zipped through , taking the bottom edge and diverted onto the stumps . Slightly fuller than BATTER anticipated
huge shout not given and FIELDER reviews . Great loop on this , pitches on a length on middle and turns past his forward defensive to hit him on the knee roll . and it 's three reds so that 's a fabulous review and an extremely critical wicket . Excellent bowling . Drew him forward , got the ball to dip and turn enough to beat bat but not enough to be missing the stumps
trapped in front but BATTER reviews immediately . Inside edge ? After moving the last one away , BOWLER brought this one back in . BATTER was pushing at it and it beats his bat . No inside edge . Hits in line and umpire 's call on hitting the stumps ! BATTER will have to go , what a great bowling change once again from FIELDER .
caught at slip . The move works , both to bring in BOWLER and to have a slip for the right-hander . Nicely tossed up , BATTER 's taking a step forward , but the ball dips before he can get to the pitch and turns just enough to take the outside edge . Smart take from FIELDER , to his right .
length on off stump , nudged into the covers for a sharp single and a direct hit means he 's gone ! BATTER was running to the danger end and was miles short of his ground . Brilliant stuff from FIELDER , who picks up and throws in one smooth movement , and sets off in celebration after knocking down the stumps . Australia are buzzing !
edged , gone ! 90mph/145kph , pushed across the right-hander , and BATTER nicks off . BOWLER had been hooping the ball into the batsmen but this one held its line and took the edge of BATTER 's apologetic prod . Australia get their breakthrough
stunning catch at third man ! FIELDER ! Tumbling forward , like a mirror image of Simon Jones at Edgbaston ... swooping low , as BOWLER banged in the short wide one ! The umpires are taking a look to make sure , but that reaction was unequivocal ! Dipping out of the lights , amazing athleticism , stretching to the pitch , and suddenly , the key man is gone , and perhaps as importantly , it 's another dot !
another mow , another top-edge , and that 's the wicket ! Oh my ! BOWLER went for the slow wide one , tossed right up to tempt the glory wipe ... and FIELDER at short third man just about clung on with a juggle as he leapt forward !
dropped into the offside and another quick single , and this time it 's a run-out ! The keeper collects cleanly and removes the bails , and moments after getting a warning , BATTER has to go !
flicked across the line , is there an inside-edge on that ? You bet there is ! A fat deflection , onto the knee-roll , a simple lob to FIELDER as he jogs round from behind the stumps . And suddenly Australia 's challenge is in free-fall !
bowled him ! Wow , BATTER has been opened up like a can of peaches ! Big spin as BATTER retreated to leg to make room , but was utterly undone from a middle-and-leg line . Gripping , ripping , clipping the top of off . Wow ! Who needs FIELDER as your nemesis , when BOWLER is on the scene !
slower ball from BOWLER , BATTER did n't pick it and tries to flick to the leg side , gets an edge to FIELDER at short mid-wicket
massive appeal , bang in front ! Gone ! BATTER does n't blink as he turns on his heel , shaping in , thumping a pad that was positively Watto-esque in girth . That was smashing the lot , and England have their breakthrough !
gets his revenge . Sends down one of those unplayable yorkers he 's the best in the world at . Got revrse swing to moves it away from the bat and clatter into the base of off stump
Makes the breakthrough . Rolled his fingers over it and it spins in sharply to pierce the gap between bat and pad and knock off stump back ! He has to go for a magnificent century , and Australia have a bit of wind in their sails now
reverse sweep and BATTER gives it away ! . He did n't get that anywhere near the middle ; it caught the top of the bat and flew up straight to the man at 45 . He goes for an attractive half-century
lots of air , and BATTER 's holed out cheaply again ! Massive wicket , BATTER tries once more to go inside out through extra cover , and FIELDER is right in situ to scoop him up in the covers ! Reward for probing bowling , and good thinking , inviting the skimmed drive , and getting the reward !
and he gets the breakthrough ! BATTER looks pretty unimpressed with himself , and so he should . He struck it well , but attempting that short with FIELDER stationed at mid-off was much too risky
big appeal , and he 's gone too ! BOWLER is on a hat-trick ! Swinging in to the batsman and BATTER misses the drive . It looked like it was smashing into leg stump , and no , he wo n't be reviewing it !
he 's gone first ball ! Glorious start for Australia ! Drives one on the up , it was perhaps a little too short to be a half-volley , but BATTER did n't shy away from flashing , and it goes straight to backward point . Phenomenal start for Australia
struck in front , and BATTER 's gone for 98 ! Would you believe it ? ! He 's reviewed it , but I reckon this looked pretty adjacent . Pinned dead in front , looking to work into the leg side . Hung back in his crease to a cutter , it did n't get up much from a length , and ball-tracking confirms it would have hit middle-and-leg . BATTER departs !
ha , bowled him ! What do I know ? ! Fired in with a round arm from round the wicket , BATTER looked to hammer a slog-sweep over midwicket , could n't connect , and it slides on to crash into leg stump ! A superb innings comes to a tame end
edged , and gone ! Back of a length outside off , a hint of extra bounce . BATTER looked to force it through the covers with a booming drive and it got big on him . FIELDER takes the catch behind the stumps , and England have their first wicket .
mowed off a good length ... it 's gone high , high , and higher ... It 's another slower ball , and BATTER 's bat face closes on impact ... the man in the deep steadies himself , and ends a fantastic , momentum-changing innings
full length , in the slot , punched on the up , and BOWLER has his maiden wicket ! BATTER gave himself some room , but could n't get the elevation . Mid-off pouches , and a very fine partnership is broken !
bowled round his legs , would you believe it ? ! Not a huge amount of spin , BATTER got down to sweep early after seeing it head down the leg side , and just a hint of turn is enough for it to thud into leg stump and send him packing ! BOWLER roars in celebration ... what a spell this is turning into !
looks to slog sweep , struck on the pad , and given ! BOWLER is off on his travels in celebration , Imran Tahir-style , but after a chat with BATTER , BATTER decides to review . Struck on the back thigh , kneeling down - the same height as the knee roll on his front pad . Impact is umpire 's call - only a tiny fraction away from being outside the line - and crashing into the top of off stump , which means BATTER is on his way !
gone , FIELDER grabs it in the slips and South Africa are jubilant ! Length ball , BATTER dropped deep in his crease looking to steer it down to third man , got a thin edge on it and FIELDER , diving low to his left , takes a sharp chance . England wobbling ...
BATTER advances to sweep , excellent connection , but a brilliant intercept at backward square , and here 's trouble ! BATTER is committed to the single , turns on his heel , but FIELDER gets to his knees quickly , and pings out the middle stump from 30 yards ! That is outstanding work , and BATTER knows he 's a goner , as do the fielders ! A moment of inspiration , and can that spark South Africa ?
crashed to mid-off , and both openers are gone ! Another attempt to loft one over the straight fielders , and again , he 's clothed the shot , off the bottom of the bat and straight to a tumbling
a yawning lofted drive , looking to clear long on , but no ! BATTER knew he 'd muffed the stroke the moment he played it , a scudding flat catch straight to FIELDER , set back at long-on . The end of a threatening innings , and respite for South Africa
full and staying a touch low , hit on the back pad ... BATTER appeals and Aleem Dar shakes his head , but England review , and this does n't look good for FIELDER . Thudding into leg stump , according to Hawk-Eye , and that is curtains ! . Up goes Dar 's finger , and then immediately he signals to the groundsmen , too ! It 's raining again !
bowled 'im ! Ding , ding , ding ... ! BATTER rattles the woodwork , those magic lollipops working the trick for England ! That 's a handy payout , following on from FIELDER 's hundred in Cape Town . This time he 's done by one skidding on and cramping him for room as he stepped outside leg stump and had a hack
full and staying a touch low , hit on the back pad ... BOWLER appeals and Aleem Dar shakes his head , but England review , and this does n't look good for BATTER . Thudding into leg stump , according to Hawk-Eye , and that is curtains ! . Up goes Dar 's finger , and then immediately he signals to the groundsmen , too ! It 's raining again !
bowled 'im ! Ding , ding , ding ... ! BOWLER rattles the woodwork , those magic lollipops working the trick for England ! That 's a handy payout , following on from BATTER 's hundred in Cape Town . This time he 's done by one skidding on and cramping him for room as he stepped outside leg stump and had a hack
gottim , edged behind ! BOWLER strikes again , South Africa can dream ... BATTER was hopping on the back foot , trying to work it off his body but only succeeding in grazing the bat through to FIELDER ! They ca n't , can they ? !
BATTER fazed , spoons his next ball straight up , taken by FIELDER in the covers ! Seemed like the previous delivery was playing on his mind , flapped at a drive and England lose their seventh wicket
another one goes , South Africa still scrapping away ! Extra bounce , flicks the glove on its way through ! BOWLER claims his third wicket , excellent line and just doing enough from round the wicket . BATTER walks , and we might have a game on
full , carved up and over the covers ... but he picks out the man running in from the rope ! BATTER wo n't see England home , though he 's done most of the hard work . A bit of respite for BOWLER , though caught deep extra cover probably is n't exactly the dismissal he dreams of
caught at leg slip ! That 's why he was in there ! BATTER falls for 49 ... slightly full of a length , turning down the leg side , tried to tickle it around the corner while camped on the back foot and FIELDER takes an excellent catch in close
skips down , done by the length - BOWLER scoops the catch in his follow-through ! Trying to assert himself but BATTER departs , the ball hit the splice of the bat and just popped back to the bowler . Another self-inflicted wound for England , and this chase is just starting to wobble
short and he pulls from wide of off , big top edge ... swallowed by FIELDER at short fine leg ! South Africa have another , aggression the undoing of both England openers once again . BATTER was back and set for the short ball , but BOWLER pushed it further across him , and he was never in control of an ugly swipe
bit of inward movement as BATTER throws the hands ... squirted to midwicket ! Breakthrough for South Africa , and it 's BOWLER who stops the rampaging Yorkshireman . Was n't really there for the drive , YJB went after it anyway only to see the bat turn in the hands and pop a simple catch to the edge of the ring
brings out the reverse , very full , struck on the pad and given ! Looked dead , but BATTER reviews ... did n't pick the googly , struck the front pad . Was there any glove on it ? Does n't look like it , according to UltraEdge . Ball-tracking confirms it was clipping leg stump , so we 'll stay with the on-field call and BATTER has to depart !
full and straight , looks to work through midwicket where FIELDER makes a good diving stop ... and now there 's a huge mix-up , and I think BATTER has been run out at the keeper 's end ! Calamity for South Africa , never a run there and BATTER sent BATTER back when he was halfway down . FIELDER 's throw was n't a direct hit , but good enough for FIELDER to gather and break the stumps
oh Quinny ... cleaned up having a yahoo ! BOWLER strikes again ! Grip and spin for the leggie , who 's got his snap back , from all appearances ... Leg stump uprooted and South Africa 's captain is dislodged . Big wicket for England , BATTER falling short of a truly match-shaping score
bowled him , no arguments about this one ! Fired in and BATTER has gone back , trying to punch down the ground , only to have his timbers toppled . BOWLER 's turn to celebrate this time , and the DRS wo n't come into it , thank the gods
similar line , similar result - but this is the googly , and it 's given ! BOWLER gets his man , although BATTER decides to review , which looks optimistic on the replays . Skidding on rather than straightening and BATTER was all at sea trying to play it , beaten past the inside edge and Hawk-Eye has it smashing the top of middle and leg stump . There 's a brief delay , with the batsman told to wait by the boundary edge - Aleem Dar , the third umpire , seemed to want another look at whether there was bat involved . But the conclusion is no , nothing on it , off you go BATTER !
got him , just clips the bail on its way through ! Nobody was sure what had happened for a moment ... a fraction full of a length , it came in off the seam to burst between bat and pad , and clipped the top of the bail , very gently dislodging it to give BOWLER his first ODI wicket on debut !
waist-high full toss , and slapped to deep midwicket ! That could be curtains for BATTER , but it could be a no-ball on height ... it 's a very close call ... hip height , but dipping ... not sufficient evidence to call it , so BATTER is on his way !
slapped straight to mid-off ! A tame end to a fine innings , but BATTER has done his bit for the cause . Just through the shot a touch early , and FIELDER clings on low to break what must surely still be a match-sealing stand
slashes an edge towards short third man - well taken diving forwards ! BATTER swishes his bat , angry with himself , but he 's got to go . He 's had a few lives but that was a fine , pace-setting knock . BOWLER with the breakthrough , one West Indies desperately needed , with FIELDER snatching up the chance just above the turf
banged in short , a top-edged pull , and snaffled by the keeper ! That 's the breakthrough that West Indies desperately needed ! BATTER has played his part , but played the wrong line that time , just a thin deflection and a good leaping take from
slogged straight up , FIELDER calls for it ! BOWLER gets a measure of revenge for 2016 , as BATTER completely fails in his latest attempt to swing him out of the park
dances down , turn for BOWLER , and FIELDER completes the stumping ! Well , just about , having missed with his first swing of the arms ... ! But I do n't think BATTER got back in time as FIELDER had a second crack . They do just check , but there 's no reprieve , FIELDER gets away with his lackadaisical first attempt
slower ball , and dragged on ! Big wind up but he only manages a thick inside edge into the timbers ! BATTER walks slowly from the crease , to an ovation from the Kensington Oval crowd . Been some vintage hitting ( though shame about the running ) and he 's set West Indies up for a formidable total
goes for the big'un , but BATTER holes out to deep midwicket ! FIELDER holds on to this one , steadying himself on the rope as the ball seemed to hold up in the wind
flighted , outside off , and BATTER heaves down the ground - picks out long-off ! A duck on debut for BATTER , who got in a bit of a tangle trying to launch BOWLER , did n't have the legs to clear the boundary rope
backs away and slogs to the edge of the ring , pouched at mid-off ! Slower ball from BOWLER and BATTER could n't get much on it , the ball dipped on FIELDER but he held on to this one
dug in , a leading edge , and FIELDER is in the action at last ! Trying to work this into the leg side , the ball climbs into the splice , catches in the breeze and loops all the way down to the third man rope . Here endeth a fine stand ... and England have their opening !
short ball with the pace off , wheeled away leg side ... straight to deep square leg ! Bit of snarl from BOWLER , as BATTER hoicks one to the boundary rider and is on his way after another appetite-whetting cameo
slapped to long off , and FIELDER swallows the winning catch ! No repeat of his Trent Bridge 2016 heroics from BATTER , but he was looking for a similar go-to stroke , an up-and-over wallop on a full length . But the skipper is back on the rope , and seals a thrilling comeback win !
round his legs , and BOWLER has five ! This is magnificent bowling , but an unlucky way to go ... clips the inside of the thigh pad , a la Keaton Jennings in the Tests , and deflects back into the leg stump ! But there 's no stopping BOWLER now . He ai n't no Private Pile !
got him ! BOWLER is winning this match single-handedly ! Back of a length again , BATTER looks to nurdle , opens the face , but ca n't get the angle to beat the keeper . Out comes the salute for his career-best figures ... and England are looking down the barrel now
gone ! But what for ? ! That 's not lbw ... is it ? No way ... but England have no reviews left ! If so , that looks to the naked eye like one of the worst decisions in history ! High , leg-sided . I am very willing to be proven very wrong ! UPDATE : That was an absolute honker ! Missing leg stump on height and line !
offcutter , chipped in the air , and BATTER is gone now ! That is massive . The right variation at the right time , he was already through his stroke as he threw the bat at a wide one , and now the pressure is really on !
edged and gone ! BATTER ca n't believe he 's been given here , there seemed to be a fat nick , but he has reviewed . He 's hit the ground with the bat , but has he hit the ball too ? It seemed so to the naked eye . Yep , he 's out !
here 's that celebration again ! Launched to the leg side , off the toe of the bat , and taken this time by FIELDER sprinting in ! BATTER realised he had duffed it as soon as the ball went up , that 's the long part of the ground and it never had the legs
short , and wide , and BATTER scuffs his uppercut ! BATTER over-cooks this one , as BOWLER finds some extra bounce and skims a thin top-edge through to the keeper ! He got a touch too cute with the stroke . The kitchen sink would have been the safer option , but that 's a vital and timely breakthrough !
oops ! A massive drag-on from BATTER , and England are in some serious strife ! Reaching for the wide one , angled across the body , and BATTER 's feet are stuck in treacle as he over-reaches and pays the price !
pinned on the crease and gone ! That 's perfection from BOWLER , full , fast , pitching leg , hitting middle , BATTER is walking before the finger is up . BOWLER stamps the pitch and swings into his trademark salute ! That 's put the Cot among the Pigeons !
bowled 'im ! BOWLER hits the top of middle stump , finally gets his man ! Quick and straight and through a wild swing across the line
big lbw appeal , again Oxenford says no - but then another direct hit scuppers BATTER ! He set off instinctively but FIELDER was already scooting up from point , picked up and hurled at one-and-a-bit stumps , and that 's a bingo !
direct hit from FIELDER ! BATTER steered a slower ball straight to short third man and set off immediately , BATTER may have been on his heels ... but he could not outrun FIELDER 's fizzer , unable to make his ground despite a desperate stretch !
short , pulled , snaffled at deep square leg ! BATTER dwindles , as BOWLER digs one in , FIELDER barely had to move , and another good start fails to turn into a big finish . Hitting into the breeze was always going to be fraught with danger
brilliance from BOWLER ! Opted for the lesser-spotted legbreak , a bit faster and flatter , BATTER launched into a flat-footed slap across the line , in his apparent arc , but it turned sharply to clip the outside of the off stump !
short ball , pulled without conviction - and taken at mid-on ! BOWLER gets the breakthrough , his back-of-a-length stylings seeing off BATTER . Not quite so free-flowing today
another wrong'un , past the bat - stumped ! FOUR IN FIVE ! ! BOWLER absolutely nails his final over to finish with a five-for ! And England win with room to spare !
spanked high and handsome , but he picks out deep square leg ! Three in four balls for BOWLER , and West Indies lying twitching in a heap ! Looped up a googly outside leg stump and BATTER went for it , he had to , but could n't clear the man
gottim , two in two ! BATTER wo n't be seeing this one home ! Big wind up but he slices a lofted shot towards cover , where FIELDER backpedals and holds it safely
gone this time , top-edged straight up ! BATTER slams his bat in anger at himself , but FIELDER made no mistake this time , at short fine leg . An ugly wipe across the line and BOWLER breaks the stand
spin and bounce , BATTER is beaten and FIELDER whips off the bails ... Is that stumped ? Yes , the back foot was trailing in the air , and BOWLER gets amongst 'em now ! Sharp work from FIELDER and West Indies ' captain now departs
stumps rearranged ! BOWLER has castled the Universe Boss ! Full and fast and knocking over middle and off as he backed away ... BOWLER lets out a primal scream of emotion ! BATTER gets a well-deserved ovation as he lopes slowly from the field , but West Indies still have an awful lot of work to do
banged in short again , and top-edged to FIELDER on the rope ! Wow ... this is a fabulous over for England 's hopes . A hugely dangerous opponent bites the bullet , and BATTER might have to finish what he started at this rate ...
banged in short , and BOWLER 's extra pace makes the difference straight away ! Brilliant bowling , testing the batsman 's mettle , and transcending the conditions . FIELDER steadies himself to take the miscue at mid-on and England have their precious opening
back of a length , draws him into a poke outside off - and the edge is snapped up ! BATTER departs , BOWLER has another . Lickety-split in the channel , seaming a touch and not much footwork , all combining to hobble BATTER 's hopes
gone - plinked to cover ! BOWLER gets the breakthrough for England , just a bit too quick for that shot , I think . BATTER was aiming down the ground but the ball skewed high off the bat for a simple catch
thumped to long-off , a tame end to the innings , but the carnage has already taken place !
bowled him ! BATTER 's fun is over ... another wipe to the leg side , a slower ball wriggles through his defences , and a gracious handshake as he retreats to the pavilion . 150 from 77 balls ... one blow shy of a 200 strike rate ... next time maybe !
full , straight , but a cunningly disguised slower ball ! BATTER swings out to the deep , does n't get enough bat through it this time , pouched at long-off ... and out comes BOWLER 's salute , delivered with impressive conviction in spite of his team being in full retreat !
smashed down the ground , looks like it 's going for six ... until FIELDER intervenes with a brilliant catch on the run ! This kid is something ! Not completely timed by BATTER but it was still heading flat over the rope , until FIELDER sprang into its path and wrapped both hands around the ball , having sprinted across from long-on !
short and wide , BATTER slashes hard ... BOWLER starts to celebrate before looking round at a statuesque Bruce Oxenford . Dismayed faces all round and West Indies review ! What does UltraEdge say ? Yes , there 's a tickle ! FIELDER and BOWLER heard the nick , BATTER probably did too , and although Oxenford did n't , he now raises his finger ! Done for pace by BOWLER for the second innings running
bowled him ! BATTER was trying to be cute , running the back-of-a-length delivery down to third man . But he did n't get enough angle on the stroke , and played it straight down into the crease and onto his stumps . He perhaps suffered for a lack of strike in recent overs . Just six balls in the last five overs
or not ! BATTER slogs across the line as BOWLER takes pace off the ball on a full length , and a grotty innings comes to an end . He really was n't feeling it today , but it is scarcely going to matter !
full , straight , timber ! Out comes the off stump , and BATTER 's cavorting series is over ! He salutes all corners as he marches from the fray . Twenty-one to win ... I ca n't see England coming back from this ...
full and straight , and England have their opening ! That just nipped back a touch , but BATTER was playing all round it . It 's a different sport at this end of the pitch . Now then , nine more of those and England are in business !
Bull 's eye ! BOWLER gets his five-for ! Full and fast , up at 90mph and BATTER did n't have a prayer as he stepped away and swung like a rusty gate ... A proper demolition job to sum up the innings !
snorter , snaffled behind the stumps this time ! Too hot for BATTER , who was on the back foot and fending away from his body , just a tickle as the ball sizzled through - and up goes the finger , BOWLER has his man !
BOWLER strikes again , top-edged to fine leg ! There will be no BATTER intervention , as the collapse gathers pace ... Short and feisty , 142kph/88mph and he was looking to flick , really , but hurried into it , sent a steepler into the deep and FIELDER takes it safely on the run !
short ball , BATTER pulls ... and sends it tamely to midwicket ! England sink further , again pace doing the trick ! It was on him quickly , the bat turning in the hands , and it barely got off the square . A duck for BATTER on his birthday !
short of a length , and BATTER edges a flaccid drive to the keeper ! Done by pace and bounce , as have several batsmen on this pitch ... Not much of a surprise , given BATTER 's relative strengths and weaknesses , but that was nevertheless an accident waiting to happen against a quicker bowler like
banged in , BATTER pulls - and gloves to the keeper ! He looks disgusted with himself , but that just got bigger than expected . BOWLER suckers BATTER again ! You normally expect BATTER to be strong on that shot , though the line from round the wicket cramped him for room
short , suckered into the pull , and gobbled on the rope at midwicket ! It 's not to be for BATTER today , BOWLER 's raw pace unpicks his resistance , luring him into a reflexive swat , but the ball was too quickly onto him . England are in some serious bother now !
edged and gone ! The extra bounce does the trick again , but it 's the tighter line that makes the difference . BATTER starting to lay bat on everything now , but this one was too tight to the body for the cut , and came out instead as just a thin graze to FIELDER !
uppercut , and straight to third man ! That 's a sucker punch for BATTER , there 's so much bounce on this deck , so he could n't afford any half-measures . FIELDER , right back on the rope , did n't need to move to inhale a floppy chop at a wide one !
inswing does the trick ! So full from BOWLER , bending in all the time , a big wafting drive , an inside-edge into the sticks , and BOWLER brings out his salute for the first time today ! Finally , West Indies find the fuller length to challenge the stumps on this deck , and it pays instant dividends
finds the edge - BOWLER has the last laugh against FIELDER ! Cross-seam delivery , skidding through mischievously , but did FIELDER switch off ? He seemed to be playing within his comfort zone but that is a regulation nick to the keeper
gottim , taken on the juggle at second slip ! BOWLER breaks through - of course he does - and FIELDER is off after a tentative prod at another slippery ball in the channel . Just enough movement , oodles of pace and BATTER clings on at the third attempt ! Nearly too hot to hold
finds the edge - BATTER has the last laugh against BATTER ! Cross-seam delivery , skidding through mischievously , but did BATTER switch off ? He seemed to be playing within his comfort zone but that is a regulation nick to the keeper
gottim , taken on the juggle at second slip ! BATTER breaks through - of course he does - and BATTER is off after a tentative prod at another slippery ball in the channel . Just enough movement , oodles of pace and FIELDER clings on at the third attempt ! Nearly too hot to hold
full outside off , spooned up and taken at mid-off ! BOWLER gets another , the pressure rising and Pakistan look like the ones who are going to crack
short ball , hacked into the air ... FIELDER takes it running back towards fine leg ! BATTER was cramped him for room , the ball went high but pretty much into no-man 's land , meaning FIELDER had to get his skates on . Taken sprawling forwards , Pakistan six down now !
in the slot , BATTER connects ... and picks out long-off ! Sliced it a touch , was looking to go straighter but it is right at FIELDER , who seems to lose sight of it but holds on in front of his chest even as he stumbles back ! Is that the game ?
bumper outside off , BATTER flails at it - and sends a top edge down the throat of deep point ! BOWLER strikes with the first ball of this spell , YJB points to the crowd as he runs around to pouch it safely , and BATTER shakes his head before trudging off . Is this tipping England 's way ?
gottim , plinked back to the bowler ! Oh dear , BATTER bows his head ... heaving across the line , his bottom hand flew off the bat , the ball seemed to hit the cue end and loop gently straight back down the pitch for a comfortable catch . Suddenly a lot of people 's seats at the Ageas are feeling a whole lot less sweaty
very wide line , BATTER chases it , and England are reviewing for the caught behind ! If there 's a noise , that has to be out , as there 's no bat on ground involved , and there is ! Great review from England , but that 's the end of a simply brilliant innings .
that 's the breakthrough , scooped up low from a leading edge ! FIELDER opens the door with a tweak off the handle , possibly gripped a touch as Imam worked across the line ... Only just carried but FIELDER came up smiling and Imam , after a moment 's hesitation , turned to head for the changing rooms
long-hop , thumped to midwicket ! That 's as filthy as a Sunday friendly , a slow non-turning half-bunger , BATTER could have chosen anywhere on the field , but pulled to FIELDER 's left , who clings on well !
short ball , BATTER pulls - and plops a catch to mid-on ! He 's furious with himself , and that 's because he knows it 's a soft way to go ... Trying to dominate but the shot if fluffed , comes off the splice and loops to the edge of the ring , simple catch for FIELDER . BATTER thumps the ground , himself , anything in range , and stalks back to the dressing room
gone , caught in the deep ! Not that FIELDER was celebrating , having taken it at the second attempt and then nearly slid into the rope at deep backward square ! BOWLER is n't bothered , though , and rolls out the Star Man , the crowd going quiet as they realise BATTER is out ... Did n't quite collar the pull as he 'd have liked , in the air all the way and FIELDER did well to parry it diving high to his right and then grab it on the way down
belted back down the pitch , into the timbers , and BATTER has been run out ! It clipped BOWLER 's heel on the way through , and it 's a bonus breakthrough for Pakistan ! BATTER grins as he departs . It was just one of those things
tries to clear the infield - but picks out mid-off ! BATTER attempting to push his strike rate even further but only succeeds in ending his stay . A wicket for BOWLER , but the celebrations from Pakistan are pretty subdued
played on ! BATTER departs after one swing too many ! And he has a flick at the stumps , too , frustrated that his time in the middle is over ... BOWLER becomes the second Pakistan bowler to get a measure of revenge for their pasting , skidding one into off via the bottom edge as YJB aimed another vengeful swing across the line !
shortish , slashed - gone , taken at point ! BATTER 's fun is over ! There 's increasingly been a temptation for these two to try and obliterate every ball , and this was just a wonky hack from BATTER , the adrenalin pumping . Looped up and simply taken by FIELDER to end an opening stand of 159 from 105 balls
short and top-edged , into the off side where BOWLER sprints across and dives ... WHADDACATCH ! Full stretch , one hand and it sticks ! Most of the damage has been done but BOWLER is n't a man to give up , Pakistan nine down now
full and smacking the pads , was it outside leg ? BATTER Reiffel is n't interested and the ball squirts to third man - but England review , hoping probably to avoid the four leg byes as much as anything . Struck in line , according to Hawk-Eye ! Good use of the DRS and BATTER is off , hit on the toe just the right side of things as far as England are concerned !
short stuff does ! Top-edged straight up and BOWLER collects jogging towards midwicket ! A brief tryst for BATTER , as sizzling as it was short-lived and BOWLER has his fourth
timbeeeeeeeeerrrrr ! You miss , the bowler hits ! Imam walks off to a standing ovation , a fabulous , career-best 151 ; he 'd been equal to everything England came up with , but finally , perhaps tiring , he 's stepped away and missed a slash at a fast , straight one from
gottim , slugged to mid-off via a top edge ! FIELDER backpedals and takes it smartly above his head . That 's the partnership broken , BOWLER the man for England , just when BATTER looked primed to go on and make a statement score in these last ten overs
spanked high into the air , BATTER , the substitute , steadies himself at fine leg and holds onto a fine swirling chance ! BOWLER rolled his fingers on that one , lured the injudicious hoick across the line , and England have their opening
fancy footwork from BOWLER ! And this is out ! That 's tremendous alertness from the bowler , the ball was stabbed down into the crease , a not-entirely-convincing call for the single , but the bowler reacted far quicker than poor BATTER . A side-foot into the timbers , and England have their breakthrough !
crackerjack ! Top of off , sir , top of off ! BOWLER breaches BATTER 's defences with a pinpoint delivery , on a line and then nipping like a barracuda out of the murk to clatter off - pow right in the kisser ! I think we can stop worrying about BOWLER ...
that 's the line , finds the edge - and take at the second attempt ! A phat edge pushing forwards , zipping to FIELDER at chest height , the ball bar-of-soaps up to his right , but gently enough for a comfortable grab . BOWLER strikes early
another twist ? The yorker does it , BATTER playing on from outside leg stump ! Well bowled , not much the batsman could do as he tried to make room ... But is it too little , too late for Pakistan ? Muted celebration from BOWLER , which tells you something
another slowie , BATTER mistimes the pull ... superbly taken by BOWLER off his own bowling ! Foxed him again with the cutter , BATTER 's shot looping seemingly out of reach into the leg side , only for BOWLER to take off to his right like a man ten years younger and pluck it with one hand !
top-edged and gone ! Poor cricket from BATTER and the change has worked ! A wide ball again , and it spun away from the left-hander . BATTER looked to smear it over the onside , and FIELDER sprints back to complete a brilliant running catch . The lower middle order is in now
BATTER gone too ! What 's happening here ? Full toss from BOWLER , ball drifting leg side and he was through it early , I think . Two wickets in 3 balls
juggled but caught ! BATTER rushes down the wicket and gets an outside edge . It goes to FIELDER at short third , and the chance looked to have gone after it popped out of FIELDER 's single propelled hand . But caught on the second attempt !
gone ! By far the worst delivery of the over , with BOWLER dragging it well wide of leg stump . BATTER swivels and looks to loft it over the fine leg boundary , but gets a nick this time .
bowled him ! BATTER slides back into his crease , in anticipation of the short ball , but he ended up hopping late into line as the ball skidded through from a full length , and it 's under-edged into his stumps
smashed off a length , goes a long way up ... before landing in FIELDER 's bread basket at wide long-on ! Slower ball from BOWLER once again , came off the toe of the bat and did n't have the power to clear the long leg-side boundary
bowled hi ... No , BATTER has smashed his own stumps ! Slower ball from BOWLER , maybe a foot outside off and BATTER had gone very deep in the crease , from where he proceeded to completely demolish the wicket ! BOWLER will claim it , marking the end of a spiky knock
pings middle stump ! Not quite a yorker , but full and straight enough to do the job , BATTER castled as he woofs across the line ! BOWLER picks up his third
hooked wildly , down towards fine leg - taken on the dive by FIELDER ! BOWLER gets his man , fiery bumper and BATTER can only help it up off his eyebrows to the man in the deep !
short and sliced over cover , but well taken by FIELDER running in ! Went for another big slap but lost control of this one , and pays for it just when Pakistan were hoping he would supersize what was an tidy , but far from blistering , century
short ball , 89mph and BATTER pulls ... flubbed to mid-on ! BOWLER chips out a vital wicket after a composed stand . Dug in and the extra pace meant he could n't control the shot , which lobbed gently to FIELDER , on as a sub , going to his right
the pressure by BOWLER pays off ! Cross-seamed ball smeared away by BATTER , looking to hit over cover . Edged to third man , where FIELDER dives forward to complete the catch . Big wicket this .
flight and spin , beats the advancing No . 11 this time - FIELDER completes the job ! BOWLER does finish things , as BATTER 's flirty maiden innings as a professional comes to an end with a stumping . Fitting , really
short ball , hacked into the air and swirling down to fine leg - taken ! Five-for for BOWLER ! A timely haul in England 's final ODI before the World Cup , bit of chin music for BATTER and he goes hook , line and sinker
mistimed , this will plop to mid-on ! Spliced it on the pull and that 's a simple catch for FIELDER . BATTER looking to take BOWLER on and instead gifting the left-armer a wicket
caught down the leg side ! Was there bat on it ... ? England certainly thought so , but BATTER reviews the decision . Sounded woody on its way through , possibly flicked the trouser , too ; Snicko picks up an edge , that 's the decider , and FIELDER Reiffel raises his finger again !
he 's poked at that one , FIELDER stuck out his boot to stop the ball then picked it up and took out the stumps . He had his bat back but not grounded . Sharp stuff from the 'keeper , who gives a sheepish grin , thankful his fancy footwork paid off . Channeling his inner MS Dhoni perhaps ?
a lame prod back towards the bowler , but it took sheer brilliance from BOWLER to leap to his left and pluck the ball out of thin air in his left hand !
brilliant from BOWLER ! He 's prodded that one away and set off but FIELDER runs over to collect and throws back to the bowler , who flicks it behind his back to take out the stumps without looking and trap the non-striker while he 's backing up .
huge appeal and nailed ! Barely a pause before the umpire 's finger goes up ... So full , nipping back , a bit of bounce , the professor calculates that a review would be futile ... start the car !
big appeal and up goes the finger ! BATTER immediately reviews , there were definitely two noises , but it was so full and straight . Might actually have been drifting to leg , but not sufficiently ... it is clipping ! Decision stands !
edged , gone ! A simple catch to FIELDER , that was a regulation nick , pitched right up , tempting the drive , finding the snick , guzzled at a pleasant waist-height , to second slip 's right
bowled 'im ! Off stump zapped by a 90mph yorker ! Actually , it was probably a half-volley if BATTER was forward , but backing away he had no chance ... BOWLER punches the air , that 's a decent penultimate delivery and it brings him a fourth wicket
cutter , on a length , BATTER pulls ... straight to long-on ! BOWLER pulls the pin on a trademark celebration , think he did him with pace off ! A laboured stay from BATTER , who did n't have time to bed in like at Trent Bridge . England fading badly now
length ball , scooped down the ground and taken by mid-off ! Was BATTER hanging back for the short ball ? He certainly did n't get his weight through that , a half-hearted plop back over the bowler 's head , FIELDER running across to pouch it safely ! The Star Child strikes again
spinning in , struck on the pads going back ... Given by Reiffel ! But BATTER reviews after a chat with his partner ! Not sure this is going to save him , though , playing inside the line and struck dead in front of off stump . Hitting the top of middle , according to Hawk-Eye and BATTER is off again . Thanks for coming !
oh , gone - clubbed to backward point ! BATTER throws his head back in disgust , served up a wide half-tracker and he 's hit it straight to the fielder at perfect catching height ! That 's a YUGE wicket for Pakistan , given the devastation BATTER could have served up
picks out deep backward square ! Pakistan fans can thank me for the jinx later ... Short and pulled straight to the man . BATTER smashes his bat into the ground , he is thoroughly miffed with that dismissal , mooching off towards the dressing rooms as the Yorkie crowd applaud his contribution . No ton today , lad , but by ecky thump tha 's given 'em a platform
and it 's worked - Pakistan get their breakthrough . A shorter ball , BATTER struggled to control the stroke and top edged it to FIELDER at mid-wicket .
flighted , YJB goes downtown ... chips it straight to the man at long-on ! Will that slow England down ? BATTER was clearly itching to get in on the fun having faced less than a third of the deliveries , but did n't get enough elevation on that shot
oh Vincey ... dug in , top-edged and taken at deep square ! Like a butterfly , he flutters off early once again , gone too soon for us to truly enjoy . Shakes his head as BOWLER does the Star Man mid-pitch . Vital breakthrough for Pakistan
struck in front , and BATTER 's gone for 98 ! Would you believe it ? ! He 's reviewed it , but I reckon this looked pretty adjacent . Pinned dead in front , looking to work into the leg side . Hung back in his crease to a cutter , it did n't get up much from a length , and ball-tracking confirms it would have hit middle-and-leg . BATTER departs !
ha , bowled him ! What do I know ? ! Fired in with a round arm from round the wicket , BATTER looked to hammer a slog-sweep over midwicket , could n't connect , and it slides on to crash into leg stump ! A superb innings comes to a tame end
edged , and gone ! Back of a length outside off , a hint of extra bounce . BATTER looked to force it through the covers with a booming drive and it got big on him . FIELDER takes the catch behind the stumps , and England have their first wicket .
mowed off a good length ... it 's gone high , high , and higher ... It 's another slower ball , and BATTER 's bat face closes on impact ... the man in the deep steadies himself , and ends a fantastic , momentum-changing innings
full length , in the slot , punched on the up , and BOWLER has his maiden wicket ! BATTER gave himself some room , but could n't get the elevation . Mid-off pouches , and a very fine partnership is broken !
bowled round his legs , would you believe it ? ! Not a huge amount of spin , BATTER got down to sweep early after seeing it head down the leg side , and just a hint of turn is enough for it to thud into leg stump and send him packing ! BOWLER roars in celebration ... what a spell this is turning into !
looks to slog sweep , struck on the pad , and given ! BOWLER is off on his travels in celebration , Imran Tahir-style , but after a chat with BATTER , BATTER decides to review . Struck on the back thigh , kneeling down - the same height as the knee roll on his front pad . Impact is umpire 's call - only a tiny fraction away from being outside the line - and crashing into the top of off stump , which means BATTER is on his way !
gone , FIELDER grabs it in the slips and South Africa are jubilant ! Length ball , BATTER dropped deep in his crease looking to steer it down to third man , got a thin edge on it and FIELDER , diving low to his left , takes a sharp chance . England wobbling ...
BATTER advances to sweep , excellent connection , but a brilliant intercept at backward square , and here 's trouble ! BATTER is committed to the single , turns on his heel , but FIELDER gets to his knees quickly , and pings out the middle stump from 30 yards ! That is outstanding work , and BATTER knows he 's a goner , as do the fielders ! A moment of inspiration , and can that spark South Africa ?
crashed to mid-off , and both openers are gone ! Another attempt to loft one over the straight fielders , and again , he 's clothed the shot , off the bottom of the bat and straight to a tumbling
a yawning lofted drive , looking to clear long on , but no ! BATTER knew he 'd muffed the stroke the moment he played it , a scudding flat catch straight to FIELDER , set back at long-on . The end of a threatening innings , and respite for South Africa
gottim , edged behind ! BOWLER strikes again , South Africa can dream ... BATTER was hopping on the back foot , trying to work it off his body but only succeeding in grazing the bat through to FIELDER ! They ca n't , can they ? !
BATTER fazed , spoons his next ball straight up , taken by FIELDER in the covers ! Seemed like the previous delivery was playing on his mind , flapped at a drive and England lose their seventh wicket
another one goes , South Africa still scrapping away ! Extra bounce , flicks the glove on its way through ! BOWLER claims his third wicket , excellent line and just doing enough from round the wicket . BATTER walks , and we might have a game on
full , carved up and over the covers ... but he picks out the man running in from the rope ! BATTER wo n't see England home , though he 's done most of the hard work . A bit of respite for BOWLER , though caught deep extra cover probably is n't exactly the dismissal he dreams of
caught at leg slip ! That 's why he was in there ! BATTER falls for 49 ... slightly full of a length , turning down the leg side , tried to tickle it around the corner while camped on the back foot and FIELDER takes an excellent catch in close
skips down , done by the length - BOWLER scoops the catch in his follow-through ! Trying to assert himself but BATTER departs , the ball hit the splice of the bat and just popped back to the bowler . Another self-inflicted wound for England , and this chase is just starting to wobble
short and he pulls from wide of off , big top edge ... swallowed by FIELDER at short fine leg ! South Africa have another , aggression the undoing of both England openers once again . BATTER was back and set for the short ball , but BOWLER pushed it further across him , and he was never in control of an ugly swipe
bit of inward movement as BATTER throws the hands ... squirted to midwicket ! Breakthrough for South Africa , and it 's BOWLER who stops the rampaging Yorkshireman . Was n't really there for the drive , YJB went after it anyway only to see the bat turn in the hands and pop a simple catch to the edge of the ring
brings out the reverse , very full , struck on the pad and given ! Looked dead , but BATTER reviews ... did n't pick the googly , struck the front pad . Was there any glove on it ? Does n't look like it , according to UltraEdge . Ball-tracking confirms it was clipping leg stump , so we 'll stay with the on-field call and BATTER has to depart !
full and straight , looks to work through midwicket where FIELDER makes a good diving stop ... and now there 's a huge mix-up , and I think BATTER has been run out at the keeper 's end ! Calamity for South Africa , never a run there and BATTER sent BATTER back when he was halfway down . FIELDER 's throw was n't a direct hit , but good enough for FIELDER to gather and break the stumps
oh Quinny ... cleaned up having a yahoo ! BOWLER strikes again ! Grip and spin for the leggie , who 's got his snap back , from all appearances ... Leg stump uprooted and South Africa 's captain is dislodged . Big wicket for England , BATTER falling short of a truly match-shaping score
bowled him , no arguments about this one ! Fired in and BATTER has gone back , trying to punch down the ground , only to have his timbers toppled . BOWLER 's turn to celebrate this time , and the DRS wo n't come into it , thank the gods
similar line , similar result - but this is the googly , and it 's given ! BOWLER gets his man , although BATTER decides to review , which looks optimistic on the replays . Skidding on rather than straightening and BATTER was all at sea trying to play it , beaten past the inside edge and Hawk-Eye has it smashing the top of middle and leg stump . There 's a brief delay , with the batsman told to wait by the boundary edge - Aleem Dar , the third umpire , seemed to want another look at whether there was bat involved . But the conclusion is no , nothing on it , off you go BATTER !
got him , just clips the bail on its way through ! Nobody was sure what had happened for a moment ... a fraction full of a length , it came in off the seam to burst between bat and pad , and clipped the top of the bail , very gently dislodging it to give BOWLER his first ODI wicket on debut !