START1 START2 START3 chopped on! BOWLER makes the breakthrough. Too little, too late? Length ball, angling across Moeen, who was hanging back in his crease after those short balls. He threw his hands at it, looking to flay it away through cover, but could only inside-edge onto the base of the stumps. The 91-run stand is broken, but England are nearly home and hosed END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 flashing drive to backward point! That was richly earned in that over! Pace and most importantly bounce, as BATTER threw his hands at the sight of width, and couldn't keep his shot down. Hasaranga tumbles to gather, and now we've got a game! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 huge appeal! Vast appeal! Surely a noise! Yes, gone! That's brilliant from BOWLER, tight line, back of a length, fizzing through BATTER's midriff and nicking the edge as it does so. Pace, line, lift, nick! He had to beg for the finger, so to speak, but umpire Robinson pondered for a while and eventually agreed! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 chopped onto the stumps! Back of a length, not quite as much width as BATTER had bargained for, but he climbs into it all the same. A fractional misjudgement, and an under-edge into the sticks! It's been a blazing start, but Sri Lanka have clawed it back with two in two overs END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 a rushed hoick, and BATTER's flustered innings ends Bairstow's fluent scoring somehow gets his team-mate's adrenaline flowing instead, and a muffed attempt to claw a pull off a good length ends up in mid-on's hands END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 comedy running once again, and both batters are at the keeper's end. Throw comes in to Curran at the bowler's end, and he does the rest. Someone find the Benny Hill music. Length ball from Curran, steered to Billings at point. BATTER had no interest in the single but by the time he'd looked up, Karunaratne was stood next to him. Billings kept his composure and Curran knocked the bails off. BATTER sacrifices himself. Mickey Arthur has his head in his hands... again! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 skewed straight to short midwicket! Dug in, back of a length, and BATTER gets himself into a right pickle trying to work to leg. It loops up off the bat, straight to Moeen in close, and Sri Lanka lose their eighth. From 145 for 3, Sri Lanka have lost 5 for 15. END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 huge heave across the line, and Billings pockets the pull! It's a long old boundary, and the man is stationed right back on the rope. BATTER's valiant effort is over, and now England will be sensing a quick kill END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 crashed on the pad... a huge pause for thought and Robinson puts up the finger! BATTER reviews... there's no bat as the ball tweaks into a planted front pad, and it's clipping leg! Unlucky, had it been not out on the field it would have stayed not out. But England are deep into their day's work now END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 sharp take at a solitary slip! That's brilliant from Root, but also from BOWLER, pushing it across the left-hander, perfect seam position punishing the hard-handed punch, and the 150-cap man springs into action, diving to his left to snaffle BOWLER fourth of the innings! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 the short ball does it again for BOWLER BATTER takes it on, but the boundary is huge and he can't get hold of it, or keep it down. Livingstone sprints in from deep midwicket and scoops up another fine outfield catch, he took a similar one in the T20Is, and there ends a valiant innings END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 absolute beauty, not far short of unplayable. This is liquid BOWLER Perfect length, angling in from over the wicket, nipping away just a touch off the seam, and finding the outside edge as BATTER gets forward to defend. A thin outside edge, through to Bairstow, and England have a third! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 edged and gone! Duck for BATTER on debut. Not much of a shot, if truth be told. Back of a length, bit of bounce, and BATTER plays away from his body with minimal foot movement, looking to punch defensively towards cover-point. Thick outside edge, and Root gobbles up the chance at slip END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 pulled straight to short midwicket! Bit of a long-hop, 80mph and back of a length, and BATTER pulls with a full extension of the arms, but can't get it over Moeen, who takes the simplest catch imaginable! A cunning ploy... END1 END2 END3START1 START2 START3 back of a length, plinked to short midwicket! Slightly too close to Roy's right hip to take on the shot, and he tried to muscle it past Dhananjaya, who was in tight. Not great contact off the bat but still came at him quickly, and DdS threw himself to his right to take an excellent catch! BOWLER stands Afridi-style, with arms outstretched, and BATTER has to drag himself off! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 stumps splattered, BATTER drags on! SL have their breakthrough, and it's the peroxide leggie with neon boots who does the trick. Pushed through his legspinner a bit quicker, I think, and BATTER swung hard with malice aforethought, only to crash a bottom edge into his off stump! END1 END2 END3START1 START2 START3 huge appeal from Bairstow for the stumping! He's convinced he's got it. Big legbreak from BOWLER, a wafty drive, and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as BATTER's toe strayed. There certainly doesn't seem to be much behind the line. A stud at best. And yep, the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 big old yahoo and Curran has four! Stand-and-deliver swipe from Binura, but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper! SL eight down and tottering END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and Bairstow grabs the edge one-handed! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away, BATTER was done pushing forward, and a looping nick went to the keeper's right, probably wouldn't have carried to slip... but YJB threw himself across to bag it. Third wicket for TeeCee, turning into a good day for him END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 huge appeal from Bairstow for the stumping! He's convinced he's got it. Big legbreak from BOWLER, a wafty drive, and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as BATTER's toe strayed. There certainly doesn't seem to be much behind the line. A stud at best. And yep, the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper! END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 big old yahoo and Curran has four! Stand-and-deliver swipe from Binura, but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper! SL eight down and tottering END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and Bairstow grabs the edge one-handed! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away, BATTER was done pushing forward, and a looping nick went to the keeper's right, probably wouldn't have carried to slip... but YJB threw himself across to bag it. Third wicket for TeeCee, turning into a good day for him END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 BATTER holes out again! Third time in a row this series, the short ball swatted to a leg-side catcher! Curran gets the second wicket of a diligent spell, though this was a bit of a gift. Dug in short, Hasa's eyes light up, but he can only spoon it to the man trotting in from the rope at deep square END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 catching practice to mid-off! Deary me, no need for that. An over-ambitious pummel off the front foot, nowhere near the pitch, a looping toe-ended drive to Woakes, and Sri Lanka's revival hasn't lasted long END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 banged in short, another sucker-pull to fine leg! That's just terrible from Sri Lanka. The first bouncer of BOWLER day, and he's completely done for BATTER, who was the one man to play the short ball well at The Oval. Short, straight, kept getting big on him as he helicoptered into a desperate wipe off the eyebrows, and Rashid barely had to move on the edge of the rope END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 big booming drive, and a thudding catch into Bairstow's gloves! This time the ball doesn't swing, it's pushed across the right-hander, a big juicy carrot of a delivery, and a big juicy edge. Bairstow flings himself in front of first slip and it's all the threes for Sri Lanka END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 huge appeal, swinging into the legs, and England review! It was back of a length and curling late from a middle-and-leg line... clipping maybe? Nope, hitting leg stump flush! Excellent roll of the dice from BOWLER, and a whoop of acclaim from the fielders. END1 END2 END3 START1 START2 START3 flat-footed slash, under-edged into the timbers! Fuller length from BOWLER, a hint of width to lure the expansive wipe. No footwork, and that has pinged the leg stump to dent Sri Lanka's early intent END1 END2 END3