START0 START1 punched out to deep point off the back foot. Oh my goodness. Buzzers, and then buzzers again! The sweeper throws it in on the bounce, but it's not gathered as it flies over KJP's head after an unusually springy bounce, and then the man backing up hits the stumps at the bowler's end, meaning the ball deflects away for a third! END START0 START1 gets down to reverse-lap, paddling over the keeper, very fine. The fielder gets back to cut it off, but they'll come back for three. 6,000 ODI runs for BATTER END START0 START1 full on leg stump, swept away past short fine leg on the 45. Half-stopped, and deep backward square cuts it off, but not before they get back for the third END START0 START1 chopped hard into the off side END START0 START1 back of a length, a short-arm pull to the edge of the rope at midwicket. BATTER is brisk between the wickets so a simple three END START0 START1 short this time, BATTER rocks back for the pull, can't totally nail it, but the outfield is vast and that's plugged behind the ring of fielders. A long chase to the edge of the rope END START0 START1 full, straight and swinging, and BATTER flicks nonchalantly away through straight midwicket. Curran gives chase ENDSTART0 START1 smoked through the covers this time! Back-foot punch, looked to be racing away... only for Pathum Nissanka to pull off a brilliant stop on the boundary END START0 START1 pitched up and driven, not quite timed but he'll pick up three out towards deep extra cover END START0 START1 length ball, decent turn away from the pad, and edged past slip's right hand as BATTER comes forward to defend. Wood gives chase running back and will cut it off END START0 START1 full and angling across BATTER, who gets down on one knee and threads this away through the gap in the covers. Roy catches up with it, and saves the fourth run END START0 START1 full and straight, and BATTER shuffles across to clip through straight midwicket. Wood gives chase, but they'll get back for a third END START0 START1 full, swinging back into the pads, and clipped away through midwicket. The outfield here is famously quick with so many practice pitches across the square, but Tom Curran does well to scramble after it and claw it back, just inside the rope ENDSTART0 START1 that's well played, fractionally too full on the pads and eased into the gap at wide long-on END START0 START1 panned off a good length, out through cow corner. More intent-laden boshing from Sri Lanka who have come out with a plan this morning END START0 START1 bit of nip off the seam, out to backward square END START0 START1 that's well played, fractionally too full on the pads and eased into the gap at wide long-on END START0 START1 panned off a good length, out through cow corner. More intent-laden boshing from Sri Lanka who have come out with a plan this morning END START0 START1 bit of nip off the seam, out to backward square ENDSTART0 START1 stabbed firmly out through the covers, fractionally too full on this occasion, and well clawed in on the edge of the rope with a slide from Malan ENDSTART0 START1 leading edge squirts up and over the man in tight at cover! Length ball, good bounce and a hint of nibble away off the seam, and BATTER looked to clip off the pads. But the bat face closed, and the ball skewed up and over the infield END START0 START1 round the wicket, and that's excellent from Shaheen, leaning on the drive with a big stride, and finding the gap in the covers END START0 START1 full on the pads, clipped away through straight midwicket. Parkinson scampers after it, and cuts it off just short of the boundary. Elegant flick from Fakhar, who is batting outside of his crease to negate the swing ENDSTART0 START1 fullish, close to off stump, nice stride forward for the checked drive straight of mid-off END START0 START1 bottom-handed tonk through wide mid-on. Over-pitched a fraction, that was in the air for a while as it was swept up inside the rope. But well enough played ENDSTART0 START1 full length, flicked off the pads, a tumbling stop at wide long-on. England bring up the hundred in brisk time. Think that's even faster than the last game END START0 START1 cracked into the covers, a firm push through the line END