START0 START1 chopped on! BOWLER makes the breakthrough. Too little, too late? Length ball, angling across Moeen, who was hanging back in his crease after those short balls. He threw his hands at it, looking to flay it away through cover, but could only inside-edge onto the base of the stumps. The 91-run stand is broken, but England are nearly home and hosed END START0 START1 flashing drive to backward point! That was richly earned in that over! Pace and most importantly bounce, as BATTER threw his hands at the sight of width, and couldn't keep his shot down. Hasaranga tumbles to gather, and now we've got a game! END START0 START1 huge appeal! Vast appeal! Surely a noise! Yes, gone! That's brilliant from BOWLER, tight line, back of a length, fizzing through BATTER's midriff and nicking the edge as it does so. Pace, line, lift, nick! He had to beg for the finger, so to speak, but umpire Robinson pondered for a while and eventually agreed! END START0 START1 chopped onto the stumps! Back of a length, not quite as much width as BATTER had bargained for, but he climbs into it all the same. A fractional misjudgement, and an under-edge into the sticks! It's been a blazing start, but Sri Lanka have clawed it back with two in two overs END START0 START1 a rushed hoick, and BATTER's flustered innings ends Bairstow's fluent scoring somehow gets his team-mate's adrenaline flowing instead, and a muffed attempt to claw a pull off a good length ends up in mid-on's hands END START0 START1 comedy running once again, and both batters are at the keeper's end. Throw comes in to Curran at the bowler's end, and he does the rest. Someone find the Benny Hill music. Length ball from Curran, steered to Billings at point. BATTER had no interest in the single but by the time he'd looked up, Karunaratne was stood next to him. Billings kept his composure and Curran knocked the bails off. BATTER sacrifices himself. Mickey Arthur has his head in his hands... again! END START0 START1 skewed straight to short midwicket! Dug in, back of a length, and BATTER gets himself into a right pickle trying to work to leg. It loops up off the bat, straight to Moeen in close, and Sri Lanka lose their eighth. From 145 for 3, Sri Lanka have lost 5 for 15. END START0 START1 huge heave across the line, and Billings pockets the pull! It's a long old boundary, and the man is stationed right back on the rope. BATTER's valiant effort is over, and now England will be sensing a quick kill END START0 START1 crashed on the pad... a huge pause for thought and Robinson puts up the finger! BATTER reviews... there's no bat as the ball tweaks into a planted front pad, and it's clipping leg! Unlucky, had it been not out on the field it would have stayed not out. But England are deep into their day's work now END START0 START1 sharp take at a solitary slip! That's brilliant from Root, but also from BOWLER, pushing it across the left-hander, perfect seam position punishing the hard-handed punch, and the 150-cap man springs into action, diving to his left to snaffle BOWLER fourth of the innings! END START0 START1 the short ball does it again for BOWLER BATTER takes it on, but the boundary is huge and he can't get hold of it, or keep it down. Livingstone sprints in from deep midwicket and scoops up another fine outfield catch, he took a similar one in the T20Is, and there ends a valiant innings END START0 START1 absolute beauty, not far short of unplayable. This is liquid BOWLER Perfect length, angling in from over the wicket, nipping away just a touch off the seam, and finding the outside edge as BATTER gets forward to defend. A thin outside edge, through to Bairstow, and England have a third! END START0 START1 edged and gone! Duck for BATTER on debut. Not much of a shot, if truth be told. Back of a length, bit of bounce, and BATTER plays away from his body with minimal foot movement, looking to punch defensively towards cover-point. Thick outside edge, and Root gobbles up the chance at slip END START0 START1 pulled straight to short midwicket! Bit of a long-hop, 80mph and back of a length, and BATTER pulls with a full extension of the arms, but can't get it over Moeen, who takes the simplest catch imaginable! A cunning ploy... ENDSTART0 START1 back of a length, plinked to short midwicket! Slightly too close to Roy's right hip to take on the shot, and he tried to muscle it past Dhananjaya, who was in tight. Not great contact off the bat but still came at him quickly, and DdS threw himself to his right to take an excellent catch! BOWLER stands Afridi-style, with arms outstretched, and BATTER has to drag himself off! END START0 START1 stumps splattered, BATTER drags on! SL have their breakthrough, and it's the peroxide leggie with neon boots who does the trick. Pushed through his legspinner a bit quicker, I think, and BATTER swung hard with malice aforethought, only to crash a bottom edge into his off stump! END START0 START1 flaps at the pull, and Rashid hares in off the fine-leg boundary to take an excellent catch! Nine wickets between England's left-arm opening bowlers. Back of a length, BATTER shaped to pull, and Rashid ran in, dived forward, and scooped it up just before it bounced END START0 START1 tight to the stumps, gets a tickle on the pull, and Curran has five! Celebrates with arms outstretched, and throwing his head back, almost relieved as much as anything else. Just a little flick on the pull, and Bairstow took a straightforward catch. Holds up the ball to the crowd, acknowledging the applause. Maiden ODI five-for on his home ground - and maiden international five-for, in fact END START0 START1 backs away, cutting straight to Sam Curran on the rope! BATTER was a shot away from his half-century and sat deep in the crease, flaying the short ball away into the off side, but could only pick out Curran on the boundary at cover-point. BOWLER has his third END START0 START1 holes out to deep square this time! Another wicket off a short ball and DdS falls nine short of a maiden ODI ton. Dug into the pitch by BOWLER, and BATTER took on the pull shot, but his timing was a long way off. Spooned up via the top edge, and Root shuffled to his right to settle underneath it. BOWLER gets his second, and the glue holding Sri Lanka together has been dissolved END START0 START1 takes on the bumper... but this time holes out! Picks out deep square leg, and that's the recovery stand snuffed out, a fourth for Big Sam. Wanted to hit in front of square, as he did in the previous over, but can only stand and grimace as it lands in the safe hands of BIllings. Don't look back, BATTER END START0 START1 goodness me. Pulled straight to the sub fielder, and SL are in disarray. The first time that BOWLER has dropped short, and BATTER takes on the pull. Horrible connection, with a 'plink' off the bat, and Garton, at short midwicket, takes the simplest of catches END START0 START1 cleans him up with a booming inswinger! Sam Curran is on fire! Sri Lanka in disarray against the moving ball. Full length from over the wicket, moving in sharply. Not much of a shot from BATTER, who is beaten on the inside edge and looks round to see his stumps rearranged, with middle pegged back. Curran leaps in celebration, and England have three early ones! END START0 START1 full and straight, and pinned lbw! Stinking start for Sri Lanka. Reviewed, but this looked very out to the naked eye. Swinging into the pads from a full length, as Avishka looked to clip out towards square leg. No bat, confirms Ultra-Edge. Only needs to clip leg stump... and is smashing it halfway up. Another review lost, and another Sam Curran wicket in his first over. END START0 START1 big shout for lbw, and this one is given too! Bailey had a think, then put the finger up. BATTER reviews. No real movement off the seam, beating him on the inside edge. No foot movement from KJP as he looked to defend. Struck high, above the knee roll. No bat, impact in-line, and hitting the top of middle and leg. KJP is gone, second ball! ENDSTART0 START1 huge appeal from Bairstow for the stumping! He's convinced he's got it. Big legbreak from BOWLER, a wafty drive, and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as BATTER's toe strayed. There certainly doesn't seem to be much behind the line. A stud at best. And yep, the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper! END START0 START1 big old yahoo and Curran has four! Stand-and-deliver swipe from Binura, but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper! SL eight down and tottering END START0 START1 foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and Bairstow grabs the edge one-handed! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away, BATTER was done pushing forward, and a looping nick went to the keeper's right, probably wouldn't have carried to slip... but YJB threw himself across to bag it. Third wicket for TeeCee, turning into a good day for him END START0 START1 BATTER holes out again! Third time in a row this series, the short ball swatted to a leg-side catcher! Curran gets the second wicket of a diligent spell, though this was a bit of a gift. Dug in short, Hasa's eyes light up, but he can only spoon it to the man trotting in from the rope at deep square END START0 START1 catching practice to mid-off! Deary me, no need for that. An over-ambitious pummel off the front foot, nowhere near the pitch, a looping toe-ended drive to Woakes, and Sri Lanka's revival hasn't lasted long END START0 START1 banged in short, another sucker-pull to fine leg! That's just terrible from Sri Lanka. The first bouncer of BOWLER day, and he's completely done for BATTER, who was the one man to play the short ball well at The Oval. Short, straight, kept getting big on him as he helicoptered into a desperate wipe off the eyebrows, and Rashid barely had to move on the edge of the rope END START0 START1 big booming drive, and a thudding catch into Bairstow's gloves! This time the ball doesn't swing, it's pushed across the right-hander, a big juicy carrot of a delivery, and a big juicy edge. Bairstow flings himself in front of first slip and it's all the threes for Sri Lanka END START0 START1 huge appeal, swinging into the legs, and England review! It was back of a length and curling late from a middle-and-leg line... clipping maybe? Nope, hitting leg stump flush! Excellent roll of the dice from BOWLER, and a whoop of acclaim from the fielders. END START0 START1 flat-footed slash, under-edged into the timbers! Fuller length from BOWLER, a hint of width to lure the expansive wipe. No footwork, and that has pinged the leg stump to dent Sri Lanka's early intent END START0 START1 huge appeal from Bairstow for the stumping! He's convinced he's got it. Big legbreak from BOWLER, a wafty drive, and almost a last-minute decision to whack off the bails as BATTER's toe strayed. There certainly doesn't seem to be much behind the line. A stud at best. And yep, the umpire is happy that the line belongs to the keeper! END START0 START1 big old yahoo and Curran has four! Stand-and-deliver swipe from Binura, but he only presents his wicket gift-wrapped via a thin nick through to the keeper! SL eight down and tottering END START0 START1 foxed by the slower ball scrambled seam and Bairstow grabs the edge one-handed! Maybe just held up in the pitch and nipped away, BATTER was done pushing forward, and a looping nick went to the keeper's right, probably wouldn't have carried to slip... but YJB threw himself across to bag it. Third wicket for TeeCee, turning into a good day for him END START0 START1 BATTER holes out again! Third time in a row this series, the short ball swatted to a leg-side catcher! Curran gets the second wicket of a diligent spell, though this was a bit of a gift. Dug in short, Hasa's eyes light up, but he can only spoon it to the man trotting in from the rope at deep square END START0 START1 catching practice to mid-off! Deary me, no need for that. An over-ambitious pummel off the front foot, nowhere near the pitch, a looping toe-ended drive to Woakes, and Sri Lanka's revival hasn't lasted long END START0 START1 banged in short, another sucker-pull to fine leg! That's just terrible from Sri Lanka. The first bouncer of BOWLER day, and he's completely done for BATTER, who was the one man to play the short ball well at The Oval. Short, straight, kept getting big on him as he helicoptered into a desperate wipe off the eyebrows, and Rashid barely had to move on the edge of the rope END START0 START1 big booming drive, and a thudding catch into Bairstow's gloves! This time the ball doesn't swing, it's pushed across the right-hander, a big juicy carrot of a delivery, and a big juicy edge. Bairstow flings himself in front of first slip and it's all the threes for Sri Lanka END START0 START1 huge appeal, swinging into the legs, and England review! It was back of a length and curling late from a middle-and-leg line... clipping maybe? Nope, hitting leg stump flush! Excellent roll of the dice from BOWLER, and a whoop of acclaim from the fielders. END START0 START1 flat-footed slash, under-edged into the timbers! Fuller length from BOWLER, a hint of width to lure the expansive wipe. No footwork, and that has pinged the leg stump to dent Sri Lanka's early intent ENDSTART0 START1 BOWLER seals victory for India on debut! Full and he hides it away from the swinging arc of BATTER The batsman ends up slicing it to Bhuvneshwar at deep third man. BOWLER gets a warm hug from his Karnataka team-mate and friend Rahul. Such a sweet moment END START0 START1 BOWLER now has BATTER nicking off. Fullish, threatens to come in with the angle, but straightens away to take the outside edge. Rahul does the rest. India are one away from 1-0 END START0 START1 Maiden ODI wicket for BOWLER Pushed through outside off, Sam dashes out of the crease, doesn't get close enough to the pitch, but still swings through the line. He doesn't get enough power behind it and slices it to Gill at long-off. BATTER goes and with it England's slim hopes? END START0 START1 BOWLER has Moeen nicking off. Kicks up from a back of a length and wobbling away outside off, catches the outside edge near the shoulder of the bat and settles into the gloves of Rahul. Moeen is squared up. Just reward for BOWLER - his first wicket of the day END START0 START1 scooped up to short cover, with Kohli making no mistake this time. Back of a length and outside off, BATTER aims to drive on the up, BOWLER hits the sticker of the bat, drawing a weak little scoop to his captain. Three wickets on debut for BOWLER END START0 START1 BATTER has been given out lbw, he chooses to challenge the decision. On a length and jagging back in to thump the front pad as BATTER plays around it. Has he snicked it? No bat. Ball-tracking reckons it would have grazed leg stump, enough for umpire Menon's on-field call to be upheld. BOWLER and Prasidh have tipped the match India's way END START0 START1 Bounced out. Think BOWLER or rather Curran took BATTER down in similar fashion for CSK in IPL 2020. Shami, too, had bounced BATTER out in the 2019 WC. Dug in short and outside off, 142ks, shoulder-high delivery, climbs at BATTER and messes with his pull. Top-edged behind to Rahul END START0 START1 BATTER falls six short of a century, holing out to deep midwicket. Hard-length delivery on off stump from BOWLER BATTER still dares to pull it away, but does not get hold of it. He can only splice it high into the hands of Kuldeep. Prasidh, BOWLER and Kuldeep have dragged England back after that rollicking opening stand END START0 START1 Two wickets in two overs for Krishna on debut! He celebrates it with a big roar. Looks like a quick offcutter at 142.7ks, BATTER aims to drive on the up and ends up weakly chipping it to Gill at extra-cover. Another catch taken by a substitute fielder END START0 START1 juggling catch by Suryakumar Yadav at point. They'll have a check of the replay, soft signal is out. Roy's bottom hand came off the bat as he went too early at it, trying to punch-drive through cover. Takes the outside edge and goes low to Surya, who gobbles it, sees it spill out, but manages to get hands under it and hold on. END START0 START1 BATTER guides it straight to Bairstow at slip. On a length and outside off, Pandya leans back and aims to run it away to third man. Instead, he opens the face and slices it straight to slip END START0 START1 he's caught at midwicket. Unfortunat to fall so near his 100. Short ball and he laid into it with a crisp pull, but Morgan's at midwicket in the circle and he's grabbed it low to his right. BATTER fall for 98, end of a fine innings. END START0 START1 caught at deep cover. Length outside off, he was coming on the front foot to loft this over extra cover, the bat turns in his hand and he splices it high in the air. Deep cover runs in and covers good ground to gobble the ball up. END START0 START1 caught at deep square leg. Moeen makes no mistake this time. He had timed this well actually. Fuller on the stumps and BATTER came forward to use those tensile wrists to whip this away. Didn't keep it down and hit it well enough that it carried all the way. END START0 START1 BOWLER, playing his first ODI since his starring role in the 2019 WC final, provides England with the breakthrough. Short and wide - finishes much wider than a set of stumps outside off - Rohit chases it with a cut and ends up slashing it behind to Buttler for a straightforward catch behind the stumps. It might been an off-side wide had Rohit missed it ENDSTART0 START1 stumps shattered with a yorker on off stump. BOWLER Krishna is pumped, and how! Tailed in beautifully, quick ball too, BATTER's too late on the defensive push and the ball sneaks under the bat and bangs into the stumps. Now then, now then... END START0 START1 caught at cover. Half volley outside off and he launched into a cover drive. Nailed it perfectly - except for the fact that it was right to Kohli at cover. Both set batsmen gone for England now. END START0 START1 he's caught behind for 99! Great ball by BOWLER, who banged it in short down legside. BATTER was always going to go for it, swivelled to pull it, gets a glove on it that flies to Pant. BATTER has his head thrown back in anguish, but really - this is why centuries are over-rated. Who would honestly rate this 99 ahead of any of the centuries in this game? END START0 START1 no doubt about this run out! An exceptional piece of fielding from Rohit, leaping to his right to intercept a clip at midwicket... the two men had a chance to shake hands in the middle as the flicked return came in... and Roy has to go! END START0 START1 BATTER is gone! A knuckle-ball from BOWLER, banged into the deck, outside off, and a top-edged slog lands in Roy's hands again. He's gone but he's played another good hand... even if BOWLER has done well at the death END START0 START1 sliced high and wild, out to the cover sweeper! Roy steadies himself in the deep and pockets the chance well... the umpires are checking whether he grounded it, but that looks clean enough to me. Another carefree fling of the willow from BATTER, and why not! No standing on ceremony at this stage of the innings! END START0 START1 back of a length, hauled to deep midwicket! BATTER's work is done, what a fine hand he's played. And he's cleared the stage for a bit of carnage now! END START0 START1 nicked behind. Good length, and BATTER stayed back to it, trying to cut this through point, Bit of grip and turn for BOWLER as BATTER snicks it and Buttler holds on smartly this time. The wait for the three-figure mark continues for BATTER END START0 START1 caught at short backward square! That's a gift for England, a leg-stump inswinger from Curran, easy pickings for a well-set batsman ... or so Rohit thought, as he's got too much wood on the shot, and clipped it straight into Rashid's chest! Reward for Curran's new-ball discipline, and now England have a chance. Another tight powerplay is being rewarded with wickets on this occasion END START0 START1 edged and the slips are in play! Sure enough, that carry is rewarded, as BOWLER hits the seam on a lovely full length, draws the hard-handed drive, and Stokes at second slip snaffles the chance, almost in front of first, high to his right. That is an excellent dismissal, due reward for a very disciplined start ENDSTART0 START1 stunner from Kohli in the covers! A chipped drive, low to the skipper's left, he was only going to get there with one hand, and he plunges superbly to grab, and out pop his eyes on stalks. A one-man meme machine in this contest! BOWLER's cutters make the priceless breakthrough! END START0 START1 lobbed to mid-off! A hard-handed drive from Moeen, but that thumps the toe of the bat, can't get the power through the stroke, and Hardik atones by leaping forward to scoop the low chance! END START0 START1 BOWLER wheels away after getting the other set batsman: BATTER Hip-high short ball outside off, BATTER jumps back and swats it straight into the lap of Rohit at short midwicket END START0 START1 Another England batsman is dismissed off a full-toss, BOWLER gets lucky this time. BATTER winds up to drill it away past BOWLER Instead, he can only toe-end it weakly back to the bowler END START0 START1 inducker from BOWLER, slams the pad, not given out lbw. Kohli has a chat with Pant and asks for a review. Fullish and jagging back in to beat the inside edge and hit the front pad just above the knee-roll. Was this heading past leg stump? Nope, ball-tracking suggests that it would have struck leg stump. Golden arm: Shardul BOWLER Umpire Chaudhary has to reverse his on-field not-out decision END START0 START1 full bunger on the pads, and BATTER has launched that straight to square leg! Huge moment ... is this above waist height? BATTER advanced to meet the ball, and that may undo him on the balance of probabilities. The ball was dipping, and yep, he has to go! That's a vast moment in this game. Advantage all India now END START0 START1 way across his stumps and BATTER is gone! He has reviewed, but that looked pretty adjacent to the naked eye. It may only be height that can save him. Leg stump is visible on the replay as his bat misses with a clip. Yep, thumping the top of leg, and both England's openers are gone! END START0 START1 zings through the gate! Like I was intimating... in spite of the runs, BATTER never quite looked at his imposing best in that extraordinary over, and he's undone with an utter pearler! Perfect length, perfect shape, nipping off the pitch, into the timbers through a flat-footed response! END START0 START1 BOWLER hits that in-between length outside off. BATTER clears his front leg and aims to slug it down the ground. He can only carve it in the air. Curran swoops in from mid-off and pouches it to wrap up India's innings END START0 START1 BOWLER nails the stumps. Krishna backs away outside leg and has a feeble prod at it. BOWLER fires it full and pings middle stump END START0 START1 Roy runs back from point, tumbles, and snaffles this. Back of a length and outside off. Pandya swings, ends up slicing it high, and holing out for a boundary-less 25 off 34 balls END START0 START1 End of a charming cameo from BATTER BOWLER hits that hard length once again outside off, gets it closer to off this time. BOWLER cranks it up to 144ks. BATTER has another mow to the leg side and ends up nicking it behind. Buttler judges it well and takes it to his right END START0 START1 Pandya shuffles across off, exposes his stumps, BOWLER hits the leg stump. England have dismissed Pant and BATTER in a space of four overs. Pandya pre-meditates, probably aiming for a glance, but BOWLER bests him in the end END START0 START1 edged and Buttler sticks out his left hand and pulls off a super-sharp one-handed catch. He makes it look ridiculously easy. Seam-up, pretty full and outside off, BATTER camps back and aims to whip it away to the leg side. The ball hits the back of the bat and here comes Buttler's athletic intervention END START0 START1 a second-ball wicket for BOWLER It's a terrible ball, but it's bagged a massive scalp! A hip-high full toss, drawing a one-handed thump across the line, and Moeen behind square pulls off a blinder, pouncing to his left to cling on in both hands! END START0 START1 a horrible hack from BATTER and he's bowled! Oh wow, that's turned a fair bit from an off-stump line, but BATTER's eyes were bigger than his stomach there, he rocked back for something wildly optimistic over the off-side, and had his leg stump clipped as the ball surged through... well, not so much a gate as a vacated citadel! England, from an invidious situation, are right back on it! END START0 START1 chipped tamely back to the bowler! A tumbling take in BOWLER's followthrough, just catching the leading edge as BATTER's face closes on a clip to the leg side, failed to pick the googly perhaps... that's a massive double-strike for England! END START0 START1 BOWLER provides England the breakthrough with the wrong'un. On a length and zipping in to strike the top of off. Rohit didn't pick the variation at all, playing for the legbreak. The spinner cuts the opening stand at 103. BOWLER will now have Kohli to work with ENDSTART0 START1 thick edge flies to slip! BATTER looked uncomfortable against Shaheen but saw a bit of width from a fullish length and thought he would throw his hands at the ball. Takes the outside edge, and Maqsood takes it above his head at first slip. Shaheen celebrates in trademark fashion, arms outstretched, and Pakistan have the early breakthrough! END START0 START1 Shaheen goes again, clearing the front leg and swinging from the hip, and picks out mid-off this time, where Stokes stands tall and takes a simple chance. Pakistan bowled out for 141. END START0 START1 back of a length, pulled straight down Malan's throat at deep square leg! That's the gameplan at Cardiff: bang it into the pitch to take the short straight boundaries out of the game and force them to hit it to the bigger square boundaries. BATTER dragged the pull from outside off stump but didn't get a clean enough connection, and Malan barely had to move an inch on the rope! Cross-seamer, off the toe of the bat END START0 START1 lots of air again, Hasan inevitably takes on the wipe to the leg side, and this time Malan makes no mistake! Straight down the throat of deep midwicket, richly deserved reward for the leggie. England's march continues! END START0 START1 Round the wicket, and no mistake from Simpson this time! A flashing back-foot drive, the angle into the left-hander cramped the stroke as BOWLER attacked his splice, and a simple deflection is snaffled by a relieved keeper! Pakistan's slump continues END START0 START1 slashed over-eagerly, and caught at point! It was short, it was wide, but most importantly, it was seized upon too greedily by a batter who had been tied down by Parky's discipline. A simple take as Fakhar falls short of a fifty for the first time in three innings at Cardiff. And now this innings is rather wide open END START0 START1 right up to the toes, squeezed to the leg side, and run out by a yard! Outstanding from Vince, who pounced with one hand, then took his time to under-arm into the stumps at the non-striker's end, knowing that he was winning the race. Massive miscommunication as Maqsood is sent back, and England break a threatening stand END START0 START1 angled in, and up goes the finger! BATTER reviews Fuller length, good bounce to hit him just above the knee roll. BATTER beaten for pace and on the inside edge with a hint of nibble in off the seam. His bat came down at an angle as he looked to thread this through mid-on. Ball-tracking says it's clipping the top of middle stump, and that means Pakistan are four down inside six overs! BOWLER has three of them and is absolutely rampant, roaring in celebration END START0 START1 edged and BATTER is gone! England are flying. BOWLER has his first ODI wicket, Simpson has his first catch. Perfect new-ball bowling. Immaculate line and length on fourth stump, forcing BATTER to play. The bat came down at an angle as he looked to drive through mid-on, and there was just enough nip and bounce off the seam to locate the outside edge. Simpson gobbles up the simplest of catches and England have three early ones! END START0 START1 edged and snaffled! BOWLER is on a roll! 87mph/140kph from BOWLER, hitting a good length and inducing a nibble, angling it in towards off stump. Babar gropes forward, and the outside edge flies to second slip, where Crawley gets forward to take an excellent low catch. It's all happening! END START0 START1 big shout for lbw first up... did it pitch in line? England review after a not-out on-field decision. Fullish length, beats the bat as Imam looks to flick through midwicket, and smashes him on the knee roll. Pitches in-line, and hitting the top of middle-and-leg! Wharf's decision is overturned and BOWLER strikes first up! ENDSTART0 START1 and that is that. Short, angling down leg. Looks to pull, but only manages to glove it and Simpson takes a super catch diving to his left. The ball was dying as it got to him END START0 START1 gone. Looks for another sweep from wide of off stump, and this time he nails the slog-sweep, but there's a man back at deep midwicket and he picks out the fielder perfectly. Excellent innings in the circumstances, but he never really had the middle-order support he needed END START0 START1 back of a length outside off, and Hasan, moving away to the leg side again, can't control the pull/swipe, with the ball too far from his reach and the bounce too high as well. Only manages a top edge, and it swirls down to Overton at fine leg END START0 START1 straight off the face of the bat and an outstanding take from Simpson! That's a wonderful moment for the rookie/veteran* keeper, who read the attempted sweep, galloped to the leg side, and snaffled the catch clean in his mitts! Like Sarah Taylor's wonder-take a few years ago, that was all about the premeditation. He was in the right place once the shot was completed, and the rest is in the scorebook! END START0 START1 banged in short, uppercut to Parkinson at third man! He had plenty time to contemplate his life choices as that plummeted from the heavens, and it might have nearly snuck out too. But job's a good'un for England and BOWLER, as BATTER took on the boundary with a deliberate flap up and over, but couldn't get enough bat on the shot END START0 START1 Simpson runs back to swallow the top-edge! BOWLER isn't afraid to keep banging in the short ball, and earns his rewards. A timely breakthrough as BATTER can't get hold of his pull, a leading edge towards third man. It was a sprint for the keeper, and it nearly wriggled out, but he did the needful and now England are right back on top END START0 START1 and BOWLER has ended Fakhar's struggle with a good ball. Fullish, seaming in from just outside off. The previous ball left Fakhar from a similar line. Looks to drive down the ground, leaves a gap between bat and pad, and the ball sneaks through and rattles the stumps. Just not Fakhar's day. He struggled for timing, and when he did middle it, he usually hit it straight to a fielder END START0 START1 but he doesn't need even one. Length ball in the corridor, nibbles away slightly, and BATTER has a little feel for it and sends a thin edge to the keeper. Pakistan are in all sorts of strife now END START0 START1 big appeal, and it's given! Babar seemed late on that, and he played well outside the line as it seamed into him. Perfect length, and he was caught on the crease, but he's reviewed nonetheless. Length ball, pitching outside off and seaming in past Babar's defensive push - he played that well in front of his body and left a big gap. Misses the bat by a long way and hits the back thigh pad. Three reds on ball-tracking, and Babar will have to go. Excellent delivery, the length did Babar in on that occasion END START0 START1 and he strikes first ball! Length ball, slanting across into the corridor, bringing Imam onto the front foot. Nibbles away slightly off the pitch, and Imam pushes at it in front of his body - neither a defensive shot nor a proper drive on the up - and only manages a thin edge through to Simpson END START0 START1 back of a length, launched to the leg-side, Hasan his his five! BATTER seemed to connect well, but deep square leg barely had to move. Straight down his throat, and England's helter-skelter innings comes to an end. END START0 START1 or just have a biff! Full length, flings the hands through the line, fat inside-edge, down into the stumps! BATTER is gone after a fine debut knock. England unravelling now, but they've got 50 more than they might have bargained for END START0 START1 bouncer, drawn into the pull, but straight to deep square leg! The shot was on, but the ball got big on him, couldn't get over the shot as he launched his hands through the stroke, and there ends a very important maiden ODI innings END START0 START1 gone, is it? Pakistan think so, but umpire Alex Wharf doesn't. Pakistan have reviewed this... back of a length in the corridor, nips back in a touch, and BATTER jabs at it without a lot of footwork. Past the inside edge, it seems like, and there's a definite spike on Ultra Edge! BATTER goes for a duck, and England are collapsing quickly here END START0 START1 another batter is bowled, this was all too easy for Hasan. Fullish, angling into the stumps, and BATTER doesn't get a stride forward at all. Looks to drive down the ground and plays a long way in front of his body, and that creates the perfect gap between bat and pad for the ball to sneak through. That wasn't well played at all. Telltale sign: the unbent front knee. Might have seamed in, but it didn't do a whole lot END START0 START1 bowled him, that wasn't a very wise shot from BATTER Steps out and makes a lot of room to hit through the covers, and Hasan gets it to seam in to exaggerate the inward angle, beat the inside edge, and hit the top of off stump END START0 START1 bowled him, this has been a terrific over, to a batter who was clearly struggling to pick the bowler from the hand. Wrong'un, and BATTER, looking to make room and play it square on the off side, is cramped for room and beaten comprehensively. Wasn't short enough to be playing that square off the back foot either END START0 START1 bowled him, that was a low-percentage shot from BATTER Short fine leg was quite square, and BATTER was looking to eye the gap to his right, but he chooses the wrong ball. It's too full, and it's too straight, and he ends up stepping too far across and missing his sweep. Excellent innings, and a superb breakthrough to give Shakeel his first ODI wicket END START0 START1 bowled him! Outstanding from Shaheen, a perfect yorker, dipping exquisitely below a thrusting blade, bending back into the off stump, and though BATTER's been out there a while now, his first ball is a fatal ball! Thought it was a slower ball at first, actually it was 90mph/145kph, but a faint under-edge off the toe delayed the death-rattle END START0 START1 you have to say that was coming! Another fine delivery from Hasan, excellent length, shaping away from the left-hander on an off-stump line, a flashing edge and a low nick to second slip! Big breakthrough for Pakistan! ENDSTART0 START1 hoisted off a good length, a steepling leading edge, and Shadab leaps into a fine take after sprinting from the covers to silly point! Ooh... too hasty from the well-set BATTER, and now we've got the potential for jitters! Meanwhile, Pakistan seem to be having a row about whose catch that should have been. Sarfaraz had the gloves after all! END START0 START1 holed out to mid-off! BATTER's masterful innings comes to an end, just when it seemed England were closing in for the kill. One drive too many, and that plops into the skipper's hands. Nevertheless, a rousing ovation for a memorable innings END START0 START1 and he gets another wicket. Beaten by the extra spin, and it came back into the pads. Umpire seemed to have no hesitation, but BATTER has reviewed. It's clattering into leg-stump, which means England lose the birthday boy, as well as a review. Pakistan suddenly on top here END START0 START1 he's done for! BOWLER finally picks up BATTER He became a bit greedy, went for a slog to a ball that was never there to slog sweep. Gets a faint tickle on it and Rizwan takes a smart catch END START0 START1 full, straight, castled! One shot too many from BATTER Playing all around the full one, a touch impetuous, no swing to confound him, all about the line and length, and he's on his way for an excellent but all-too-short-lived 39 END START0 START1 holed out to midwicket! A change of bowler brings about Salt's downfall, Rauf pitches back of a length, BATTER flicks across the line, but straight to Fakhar to end an enterprising knock END START0 START1 back-to-back ducks for BATTER It took Hasan five balls to find his range, and how! Pitches leg, angled across the left-hander, imperceptible movement to take the edge on an off-stump line, forced to play at it, and Rizwan snaffles the snick END START0 START1 he scoops it to mid-on, and it's a five-fer for BOWLER Four of them have come late, but you won't find him complaining. He's bowled well these past two overs and been rewarded END START0 START1 rise up, and applaud. One of Pakistan's classic innings comes to an end. Babar topedges that and a marvellous knock comes to an end. Babar BATTER walks off to a standing ovation, having walked off for 158 off 139 balls. He raises his bat to acknowledge them, but he falls 15 short of 4,000 ODI runs END START0 START1 gone first ball! Had to go for it, and it gets a nice juicy outside edge, with Simpson taking the easiest of catches. Saqib picks up a couple of wickets to close out his spell, and England are pulling things back ever so slightly now END START0 START1 cleans him up. Took the pace off the ball, and BATTER was through his shot a little too early. Sends the off peg cartwheeling, and BATTER's gone after a little cameo END START0 START1 that's as good as it gets for Hasan, though. Excellent bowling from BOWLER Banged into the pitch again, forcing him to go over the onside. Gets a top edge once more, and this time it lobs up over mid-on, where Zak Crawley takes an assured catch END START0 START1 bangs it into the pitch, I think it was a slightly slower ball. Even so, BATTER never got a hold of it, and holes out to the man at deep midwicket. Feels like a big wicket for England to get, and Hasan Ali's coming in now END